
Add64.x86_64                                         3.9.3-1.fc32                           @updates
BackupPC.x86_64                                      4.4.0-1.fc32                           @updates
BackupPC-XS.x86_64                                   0.62-1.fc32                            @updates
Carla.x86_64                                         1:2.2.0-0.1.rc1.fc32                   @updates
CharLS.x86_64                                        2.0.0-2.fc32                           @fedora
Coin4.x86_64                                         4.0.0-5.fc32                           @fedora
Field3D.x86_64                                       1.7.3-1.fc32                           @updates
GConf2.x86_64                                        3.2.6-27.fc31                          @anaconda
GraphicsMagick.x86_64                                1.3.34-2.fc32                          @fedora
ImageMagick.x86_64                                   1:6.9.11.22-1.fc32                     @updates
ImageMagick-c++.x86_64                               1:6.9.11.22-1.fc32                     @updates
ImageMagick-libs.x86_64                              1:6.9.11.22-1.fc32                     @updates
ImageMagick-perl.x86_64                              1:6.9.11.22-1.fc32                     @updates
LibRaw.x86_64                                        0.19.5-3.fc32                          @updates
Lmod.x86_64                                          8.2.10-3.fc32                          @fedora
MUMPS.x86_64                                         5.2.1-6.fc32                           @fedora
MUMPS-common.noarch                                  5.2.1-6.fc32                           @fedora
ModemManager.x86_64                                  1.12.8-1.fc32                          @anaconda
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                             1.12.8-1.fc32                          @anaconda
NetworkManager.x86_64                                1:1.22.14-1.fc32                       @updates
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                           1:1.22.14-1.fc32                       @updates
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                      1:1.22.14-1.fc32                       @updates
NetworkManager-config-connectivity-fedora.noarch     1:1.22.14-1.fc32                       @updates
NetworkManager-l2tp.x86_64                           1.8.2-1.fc32                           @anaconda
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                          1:1.22.14-1.fc32                       @updates
NetworkManager-libreswan.x86_64                      1.2.12-1.fc32.1                        @anaconda
NetworkManager-openconnect.x86_64                    1.2.6-3.fc32                           @anaconda
NetworkManager-openconnect-gnome.x86_64              1.2.6-3.fc32                           @fedora
NetworkManager-openvpn.x86_64                        1:1.8.12-1.fc32                        @anaconda
NetworkManager-openvpn-gnome.x86_64                  1:1.8.12-1.fc32                        @fedora
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                            1:1.22.14-1.fc32                       @updates
NetworkManager-pptp.x86_64                           1:1.2.8-1.fc32.3                       @anaconda
NetworkManager-pptp-gnome.x86_64                     1:1.2.8-1.fc32.3                       @fedora
NetworkManager-ssh.x86_64                            1.2.11-1.fc32                          @fedora
NetworkManager-ssh-gnome.x86_64                      1.2.11-1.fc32                          @fedora
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                           1:1.22.14-1.fc32                       @updates
NetworkManager-vpnc.x86_64                           1:1.2.6-4.fc32                         @anaconda
NetworkManager-vpnc-gnome.x86_64                     1:1.2.6-4.fc32                         @fedora
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                           1:1.22.14-1.fc32                       @updates
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                           1:1.22.14-1.fc32                       @updates
ORBit2.x86_64                                        2.14.19-23.fc32                        @fedora
OpenColorIO.x86_64                                   1.1.1-6.fc32.1                         @fedora
OpenEXR-libs.x86_64                                  2.3.0-5.fc32                           @anaconda
OpenImageIO.x86_64                                   2.1.17.0-1.fc32                        @updates
OpenSceneGraph-libs.x86_64                           3.4.1-16.fc32                          @fedora
OpenThreads.x86_64                                   3.4.1-16.fc32                          @fedora
PackageKit.x86_64                                    1.1.13-3.fc32                          @updates
PackageKit-Qt5.x86_64                                1.0.1-5.fc32                           @anaconda
PackageKit-command-not-found.x86_64                  1.1.13-3.fc32                          @updates
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                               1.1.13-3.fc32                          @updates
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                   1.1.13-3.fc32                          @updates
PackageKit-gtk3-module.x86_64                        1.1.13-3.fc32                          @updates
SDL.x86_64                                           1.2.15-43.fc32                         @fedora
SDL2.x86_64                                          2.0.12-1.fc32                          @fedora
SDL_image.x86_64                                     1.2.12-23.fc32                         @fedora
SDL_mixer.x86_64                                     1.2.12-19.fc32                         @fedora
SDL_ttf.x86_64                                       2.0.11-17.fc32                         @fedora
SLOF.noarch                                          0.1.git20200327-1.fc32                 @updates
SuperLU.x86_64                                       5.2.1-8.fc32                           @fedora
YafaRay-blender.x86_64                               3.4.4-3.fc32                           @updates
a2jmidid.x86_64                                      9-2.fc32                               @fedora
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                       3.001-6.fc32                           @fedora
aalib-libs.x86_64                                    1.4.0-0.38.rc5.fc32                    @fedora
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                       0.201-2.fc32                           @anaconda
abrt.x86_64                                          2.14.2-2.fc32                          @updates
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                               2.14.2-2.fc32                          @updates
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                         2.14.2-2.fc32                          @updates
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                         2.14.2-2.fc32                          @updates
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                             2.14.2-2.fc32                          @updates
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                               2.14.2-2.fc32                          @updates
abrt-cli.x86_64                                      2.14.2-2.fc32                          @updates
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                     2.14.2-2.fc32                          @updates
abrt-desktop.x86_64                                  2.14.2-2.fc32                          @updates
abrt-gui.x86_64                                      2.14.2-2.fc32                          @updates
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                                 2.14.2-2.fc32                          @updates
abrt-libs.x86_64                                     2.14.2-2.fc32                          @updates
abrt-plugin-bodhi.x86_64                             2.14.2-2.fc32                          @updates
abrt-retrace-client.x86_64                           2.14.2-2.fc32                          @updates
abrt-tui.x86_64                                      2.14.2-2.fc32                          @updates
accounts-qml-module.x86_64                           0.7-1.fc32                             @anaconda
accountsservice.x86_64                               0.6.55-2.fc32                          @anaconda
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                          0.6.55-2.fc32                          @fedora
acl.x86_64                                           2.2.53-5.fc32                          @anaconda
adcli.x86_64                                         0.9.0-1.fc32                           @anaconda
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                           20171205-7.fc32                        @anaconda
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                20171205-7.fc32                        @anaconda
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                            20180407-5.fc32                        @anaconda
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch                   2.030.1.050-8.fc32                     @anaconda
adobe-source-sans-pro-fonts.noarch                   3.006-2.fc32                           @fedora
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                          3.36.1-1.fc32                          @updates
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                            3.28-7.fc32                            @anaconda
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                            3.36.1-1.fc32                          @updates
akonadi-import-wizard.x86_64                         19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
akregator.x86_64                                     19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
akregator-libs.x86_64                                19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
albatross-gtk2-theme.noarch                          1.7.4-8.fc32                           @fedora
albatross-gtk3-theme.noarch                          1.7.4-8.fc32                           @fedora
alembic-libs.x86_64                                  1.7.12-2.fc32                          @fedora
alsa-firmware.noarch                                 1.2.1-7.fc32                           @fedora
alsa-lib.x86_64                                      1.2.3.2-1.fc32                         @updates
alsa-plugins-jack.x86_64                             1.2.2-1.fc32                           @fedora
alsa-plugins-pulseaudio.x86_64                       1.2.2-1.fc32                           @anaconda
alsa-plugins-samplerate.x86_64                       1.2.2-1.fc32                           @fedora
alsa-plugins-upmix.x86_64                            1.2.2-1.fc32                           @fedora
alsa-plugins-usbstream.x86_64                        1.2.2-1.fc32                           @fedora
alsa-plugins-vdownmix.x86_64                         1.2.2-1.fc32                           @fedora
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                             1.5-1.fc32                             @updates
alsa-tools.x86_64                                    1.2.2-1.fc32                           @fedora
alsa-tools-firmware.x86_64                           1.2.2-1.fc32                           @fedora
alsa-ucm.noarch                                      1.2.3.2-1.fc32                         @updates
alsa-utils.x86_64                                    1.2.3-4.fc32                           @updates
alsamixergui.x86_64                                  0.9.0-0.30.rc2.fc32                    @fedora
alternatives.x86_64                                  1.11-6.fc32                            @anaconda
ams.x86_64                                           2.1.2-5.fc32                           @fedora
amtk.x86_64                                          5.0.2-2.fc32                           @fedora
anaconda.x86_64                                      32.24.7-2.fc32                         @updates
anaconda-core.x86_64                                 32.24.7-2.fc32                         @updates
anaconda-gui.x86_64                                  32.24.7-2.fc32                         @updates
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64                     32.24.7-2.fc32                         @updates
anaconda-live.x86_64                                 32.24.7-2.fc32                         @updates
anaconda-tui.x86_64                                  32.24.7-2.fc32                         @updates
anaconda-user-help.noarch                            26.1-11.fc32                           @anaconda
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                              32.24.7-2.fc32                         @updates
annobin.x86_64                                       9.21-1.fc32                            @updates
ansible.noarch                                       2.9.10-1.fc32                          @updates
appstream.x86_64                                     0.12.10-1.fc32                         @anaconda
appstream-data.noarch                                32-6.fc32                              @anaconda
appstream-qt.x86_64                                  0.12.10-1.fc32                         @anaconda
apr.x86_64                                           1.7.0-3.fc32                           @fedora
apr-util.x86_64                                      1.6.1-12.fc32                          @fedora
apr-util-bdb.x86_64                                  1.6.1-12.fc32                          @fedora
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                              1.6.1-12.fc32                          @fedora
ardour5.x86_64                                       5.12.0-17.fc32                         @updates
ardour5-audiobackend-jack.x86_64                     5.12.0-17.fc32                         @updates
ark.x86_64                                           19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
ark-libs.x86_64                                      19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
armadillo.x86_64                                     9.900.2-1.fc32                         @updates
arpack.x86_64                                        3.7.0-4.fc32                           @fedora
arpage.x86_64                                        0.3.3-29.fc32                          @fedora
aspell.x86_64                                        12:0.60.8-3.fc32                       @fedora
assimp.x86_64                                        3.3.1-23.fc32                          @fedora
astigmatic-grand-hotel-fonts.noarch                  1.000-10.fc32                          @fedora
at.x86_64                                            3.1.23-4.fc32                          @anaconda
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                   2.34.2-1.fc32                          @anaconda
at-spi2-atk-devel.x86_64                             2.34.2-1.fc32                          @fedora
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                  2.36.0-1.fc32                          @anaconda
at-spi2-core-devel.x86_64                            2.36.0-1.fc32                          @fedora
atk.x86_64                                           2.36.0-1.fc32                          @anaconda
atk-devel.x86_64                                     2.36.0-1.fc32                          @fedora
atkmm.x86_64                                         2.24.3-4.fc32                          @anaconda
atmel-firmware.noarch                                1.3-22.fc32                            @anaconda
atom.x86_64                                          1.48.0-0.1                             @@commandline
attica.x86_64                                        0.4.2-19.fc32                          @fedora
attica-devel.x86_64                                  0.4.2-19.fc32                          @fedora
attr.x86_64                                          2.4.48-8.fc32                          @anaconda
aubio.x86_64                                         0.4.9-4.fc32                           @fedora
audacity.x86_64                                      2.3.3-6.fc32                           @updates
audit.x86_64                                         3.0-0.19.20191104git1c2f876.fc32       @anaconda
audit-libs.x86_64                                    3.0-0.19.20191104git1c2f876.fc32       @anaconda
augeas-libs.x86_64                                   1.12.0-3.fc32                          @anaconda
authselect.x86_64                                    1.2.1-1.fc32                           @updates
authselect-compat.x86_64                             1.2.1-1.fc32                           @updates
authselect-libs.x86_64                               1.2.1-1.fc32                           @updates
autoconf.noarch                                      2.69-33.fc32                           @fedora
autocorr-en.noarch                                   1:6.4.5.2-2.fc32                       @updates
autocorr-fr.noarch                                   1:6.4.5.2-2.fc32                       @updates
autofs.x86_64                                        1:5.1.6-7.fc32                         @updates
automake.noarch                                      1.16.1-14.fc32                         @fedora
automoc.x86_64                                       1.0-0.36.rc3.fc32                      @fedora
autotrace.x86_64                                     0.31.1-56.fc32                         @fedora
avahi.x86_64                                         0.7-23.fc32                            @anaconda
avahi-glib.x86_64                                    0.7-23.fc32                            @anaconda
avahi-gobject.x86_64                                 0.7-23.fc32                            @fedora
avahi-libs.x86_64                                    0.7-23.fc32                            @anaconda
awesome.x86_64                                       4.3-4.fc32                             @fedora
b43-fwcutter.x86_64                                  019-17.fc32                            @anaconda
b43-openfwwf.noarch                                  5.2-23.fc32                            @anaconda
babl.x86_64                                          0.1.78-1.fc32                          @updates
baloo-widgets.x86_64                                 20.04.1-1.fc32                         @updates
bamf.x86_64                                          0.5.4-4.fc32                           @fedora
baobab.x86_64                                        3.34.0-2.fc32                          @fedora
basesystem.noarch                                    11-9.fc32                              @anaconda
bash.x86_64                                          5.0.17-1.fc32                          @updates
bash-completion.noarch                               1:2.8-8.fc32                           @anaconda
bc.x86_64                                            1.07.1-10.fc32                         @anaconda
bcache-tools.x86_64                                  1.0.8-18.fc32                          @anaconda
bind-libs.x86_64                                     32:9.11.21-1.fc32                      @updates
bind-libs-lite.x86_64                                32:9.11.21-1.fc32                      @updates
bind-license.noarch                                  32:9.11.21-1.fc32                      @updates
bind-utils.x86_64                                    32:9.11.21-1.fc32                      @updates
binutils.x86_64                                      2.34-4.fc32                            @updates
binutils-gold.x86_64                                 2.34-4.fc32                            @updates
biosdevname.x86_64                                   0.7.3-5.fc32                           @fedora
bison.x86_64                                         3.5-2.fc32                             @fedora
blas.x86_64                                          3.9.0-3.fc32                           @fedora
blender.x86_64                                       1:2.83.1-1.fc32                        @updates
blender-fonts.noarch                                 1:2.83.1-1.fc32                        @updates
blender-luxcorerender.x86_64                         2.3-5.fc32                             @updates
blivet-data.noarch                                   1:3.2.2-1.fc32                         @updates
blivet-gui.noarch                                    2.1.15-1.fc32                          @updates
blivet-gui-runtime.noarch                            2.1.15-1.fc32                          @updates
blosc.x86_64                                         1.17.0-2.fc32                          @fedora
bluebird-gtk2-theme.noarch                           1.3-4.fc32                             @fedora
bluebird-gtk3-theme.noarch                           1.3-4.fc32                             @fedora
bluedevil.x86_64                                     5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
bluez.x86_64                                         5.54-1.fc32                            @anaconda
bluez-cups.x86_64                                    5.54-1.fc32                            @anaconda
bluez-libs.x86_64                                    5.54-1.fc32                            @anaconda
bluez-obexd.x86_64                                   5.54-1.fc32                            @fedora
bolt.x86_64                                          0.9-1.fc32                             @updates
bonnie++.x86_64                                      1.98-2.fc32                            @fedora
boost-chrono.x86_64                                  1.69.0-18.fc32                         @updates
boost-date-time.x86_64                               1.69.0-18.fc32                         @updates
boost-filesystem.x86_64                              1.69.0-18.fc32                         @updates
boost-iostreams.x86_64                               1.69.0-18.fc32                         @updates
boost-locale.x86_64                                  1.69.0-18.fc32                         @updates
boost-program-options.x86_64                         1.69.0-18.fc32                         @updates
boost-regex.x86_64                                   1.69.0-18.fc32                         @updates
boost-serialization.x86_64                           1.69.0-18.fc32                         @updates
boost-system.x86_64                                  1.69.0-18.fc32                         @updates
boost-thread.x86_64                                  1.69.0-18.fc32                         @updates
brasero-libs.x86_64                                  3.12.2-10.fc32                         @fedora
breeze-cursor-theme.noarch                           5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
breeze-gtk.x86_64                                    5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
breeze-icon-theme.noarch                             5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
breeze-icon-theme-rcc.noarch                         5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
bridge-utils.x86_64                                  1.6-5.fc32                             @anaconda
bristol.x86_64                                       0.60.11-16.fc32                        @fedora
brlapi.x86_64                                        0.7.0-14.fc32                          @updates
brltty.x86_64                                        6.0-14.fc32                            @updates
btrfs-progs.x86_64                                   5.7-4.fc32                             @updates
bubblewrap.x86_64                                    0.4.1-1.fc32                           @anaconda
busybox.x86_64                                       1:1.31.1-2.fc32                        @fedora
byacc.x86_64                                         1.9.20191125-2.fc32                    @fedora
byte-buddy.noarch                                    1.9.5-7.fc32                           @fedora
byte-buddy-agent.noarch                              1.9.5-7.fc32                           @fedora
bzip2.x86_64                                         1.0.8-2.fc32                           @anaconda
bzip2-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.8-2.fc32                           @fedora
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                    1.0.8-2.fc32                           @anaconda
c++-gtk-utils-devel-doc.noarch                       2.0.16-18.fc32                         @fedora
c++-gtk-utils-gtk2.x86_64                            2.0.16-18.fc32                         @fedora
c++-gtk-utils-gtk2-devel.x86_64                      2.0.16-18.fc32                         @fedora
c++-gtk-utils-gtk3.x86_64                            2.0.16-18.fc32                         @fedora
c++-gtk-utils-gtk3-devel.x86_64                      2.0.16-18.fc32                         @fedora
c-ares.x86_64                                        1.15.0-5.fc32                          @anaconda
ca-certificates.noarch                               2020.2.41-1.1.fc32                     @updates
cairo.x86_64                                         1.16.0-8.fc32                          @updates
cairo-devel.x86_64                                   1.16.0-8.fc32                          @updates
cairo-gobject.x86_64                                 1.16.0-8.fc32                          @updates
cairo-gobject-devel.x86_64                           1.16.0-8.fc32                          @updates
cairomm.x86_64                                       1.12.0-12.fc32                         @anaconda
caja-schemas.x86_64                                  1.24.0-2.fc32                          @updates
calf.x86_64                                          0.90.3-6.fc32                          @updates
calligra-core.x86_64                                 3.1.0-19.fc32                          @anaconda
calligra-libs.x86_64                                 3.1.0-19.fc32                          @anaconda
calligra-sheets.x86_64                               3.1.0-19.fc32                          @anaconda
calligra-sheets-libs.x86_64                          3.1.0-19.fc32                          @anaconda
calligra-stage.x86_64                                3.1.0-19.fc32                          @anaconda
calligra-stage-libs.x86_64                           3.1.0-19.fc32                          @anaconda
calligra-words.x86_64                                3.1.0-19.fc32                          @anaconda
calligra-words-libs.x86_64                           3.1.0-19.fc32                          @anaconda
campivisivi-titillium-fonts.noarch                   20120913-19.fc32                       @fedora
capstone.x86_64                                      4.0.1-11.fc32                          @fedora
catatonit.x86_64                                     0.1.5-2.fc32                           @updates
catdoc.x86_64                                        0.95-8.fc32                            @anaconda
ccache.x86_64                                        3.7.7-1.fc32                           @fedora
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                               10.2-31.fc32                           @anaconda
cdrdao.x86_64                                        1.2.4-4.fc32                           @anaconda
cdrskin.x86_64                                       1.5.2-2.fc32                           @anaconda
certmonger.x86_64                                    0.79.11-2.fc32                         @updates
cfitsio.x86_64                                       3.470-2.fc32                           @fedora
checkpolicy.x86_64                                   3.0-3.fc32                             @anaconda
cheese.x86_64                                        2:3.34.0-3.fc32                        @fedora
cheese-libs.x86_64                                   2:3.34.0-3.fc32                        @fedora
chkconfig.x86_64                                     1.11-6.fc32                            @anaconda
chmlib.x86_64                                        0.40-22.fc32                           @anaconda
chrome-gnome-shell.x86_64                            10.1-7.fc32                            @fedora
chromium.x86_64                                      84.0.4147.89-1.fc32                    @updates
chromium-common.x86_64                               84.0.4147.89-1.fc32                    @updates
chrony.x86_64                                        3.5-8.fc32                             @anaconda
cifs-utils.x86_64                                    6.9-3.fc32                             @fedora
clang.x86_64                                         10.0.0-2.fc32                          @updates
clang-analyzer.noarch                                10.0.0-2.fc32                          @updates
clang-devel.x86_64                                   10.0.0-2.fc32                          @updates
clang-libs.x86_64                                    10.0.0-2.fc32                          @updates
clang-tools-extra.x86_64                             10.0.0-2.fc32                          @updates
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                         37.0_13.0_0_1-1.fc32                   @updates
clearlooks-compact-gnome-theme.noarch                1.5-19.fc32                            @fedora
clearlooks-phenix-common.noarch                      7.0.1-8.fc32                           @fedora
clearlooks-phenix-gtk2-theme.noarch                  7.0.1-8.fc32                           @fedora
clearlooks-phenix-gtk3-theme.noarch                  7.0.1-8.fc32                           @fedora
clevis.x86_64                                        13-1.fc32                              @updates
clevis-luks.x86_64                                   13-1.fc32                              @updates
cliquer-libs.x86_64                                  1.21-18.fc32                           @fedora
cloud-utils.noarch                                   0.31-6.fc32                            @fedora
cloud-utils-growpart.noarch                          0.31-6.fc32                            @fedora
clthreads.x86_64                                     2.4.2-2.fc32                           @fedora
clucene-contribs-lib.x86_64                          2.3.3.4-36.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc32    @fedora
clucene-core.x86_64                                  2.3.3.4-36.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc32    @fedora
clutter.x86_64                                       1.26.4-1.fc32                          @fedora
clutter-gst3.x86_64                                  3.0.27-3.fc32                          @fedora
clutter-gtk.x86_64                                   1.8.4-7.fc32                           @fedora
clxclient.x86_64                                     3.9.2-2.fc32                           @fedora
cmake.x86_64                                         3.17.3-4.fc32                          @updates
cmake-data.noarch                                    3.17.3-4.fc32                          @updates
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                              3.17.3-4.fc32                          @updates
cmake-rpm-macros.noarch                              3.17.3-4.fc32                          @updates
cockpit.x86_64                                       223-1.fc32                             @updates
cockpit-bridge.x86_64                                223-1.fc32                             @updates
cockpit-composer.noarch                              21-1.fc32                              @updates
cockpit-networkmanager.noarch                        223-1.fc32                             @updates
cockpit-packagekit.noarch                            223-1.fc32                             @updates
cockpit-selinux.noarch                               223-1.fc32                             @updates
cockpit-storaged.noarch                              223-1.fc32                             @updates
cockpit-system.noarch                                223-1.fc32                             @updates
cockpit-ws.x86_64                                    223-1.fc32                             @updates
code.x86_64                                          1.47.3-1595520197.el7                  @code
code-insiders.x86_64                                 1.48.0-1595933457.el7                  @code
cogl.x86_64                                          1.22.8-1.fc32                          @updates
coin-or-Cbc.x86_64                                   2.10.5-2.fc32                          @updates
coin-or-Cgl.x86_64                                   0.60.3-1.fc32                          @fedora
coin-or-Clp.x86_64                                   1.17.5-1.fc32                          @fedora
coin-or-CoinUtils.x86_64                             2.11.4-1.fc32                          @fedora
coin-or-Osi.x86_64                                   0.108.6-1.fc32                         @fedora
color-filesystem.noarch                              1-24.fc32                              @anaconda
colord.x86_64                                        1.4.4-4.fc32                           @anaconda
colord-extra-profiles.noarch                         1.4.4-4.fc32                           @fedora
colord-gtk.x86_64                                    0.2.0-3.fc32                           @fedora
colord-kde.x86_64                                    0.5.0-11.fc32                          @anaconda
colord-libs.x86_64                                   1.4.4-4.fc32                           @anaconda
compat-f32-dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                  2.37-8.fc32                            @updates
compat-f32-dejavu-sans-mono-fonts.noarch             2.37-8.fc32                            @updates
compat-f32-dejavu-serif-fonts.noarch                 2.37-8.fc32                            @updates
compat-guile18.x86_64                                1.8.8-31.fc32                          @fedora
compat-libicu63.x86_64                               63.2-2.fc32                            @fedora
compat-openssl10.x86_64                              1:1.0.2o-9.fc32                        @anaconda
compat-readline5.x86_64                              5.2-36.fc32                            @anaconda
compiler-rt.x86_64                                   10.0.0-1.fc32                          @fedora
conmon.x86_64                                        2:2.0.19-1.fc32                        @updates
container-selinux.noarch                             2:2.132.0-1.fc32                       @updates
containernetworking-plugins.x86_64                   0.8.6-1.fc32                           @updates
containers-common.x86_64                             1:1.1.0-1.fc32                         @updates
contractor.x86_64                                    0.3.4-4.fc32                           @fedora
converseen.x86_64                                    0.9.8.1-1.fc32                         @fedora
cool-retro-term.x86_64                               1.1.1-4.fc32                           @fedora
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                              3.7-5.fc32                             @fedora
coreutils.x86_64                                     8.32-4.fc32.1                          @updates
coreutils-common.x86_64                              8.32-4.fc32.1                          @updates
corosynclib.x86_64                                   3.0.4-1.fc32                           @updates
cpio.x86_64                                          2.13-4.fc32                            @anaconda
cpp.x86_64                                           10.1.1-1.fc32                          @updates
cracklib.x86_64                                      2.9.6-22.fc32                          @anaconda
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                2.9.6-22.fc32                          @anaconda
createrepo_c.x86_64                                  0.15.11-1.fc32                         @updates
createrepo_c-libs.x86_64                             0.15.11-1.fc32                         @updates
criu.x86_64                                          3.14-1.fc32                            @updates
cronie.x86_64                                        1.5.5-2.fc32                           @anaconda
cronie-anacron.x86_64                                1.5.5-2.fc32                           @anaconda
crontabs.noarch                                      1.11-22.20190603git.fc32               @anaconda
crun.x86_64                                          0.14.1-1.fc32                          @updates
crypto-policies.noarch                               20200619-1.git781bbd4.fc32             @updates
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                       20200619-1.git781bbd4.fc32             @updates
cryptsetup.x86_64                                    2.3.3-1.fc32                           @updates
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                               2.3.3-1.fc32                           @updates
cscope.x86_64                                        15.9-6.fc32                            @fedora
ctags.x86_64                                         5.8-28.fc32                            @anaconda
cups.x86_64                                          1:2.3.3-8.fc32                         @updates
cups-client.x86_64                                   1:2.3.3-8.fc32                         @updates
cups-filesystem.noarch                               1:2.3.3-8.fc32                         @updates
cups-filters.x86_64                                  1.27.5-2.fc32                          @updates
cups-filters-libs.x86_64                             1.27.5-2.fc32                          @updates
cups-ipptool.x86_64                                  1:2.3.3-8.fc32                         @updates
cups-libs.x86_64                                     1:2.3.3-8.fc32                         @updates
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                                0.2.6-9.fc32                           @anaconda
curl.x86_64                                          7.69.1-4.fc32                          @updates
cyrus-sasl.x86_64                                    2.1.27-4.fc32                          @fedora
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                             2.1.27-4.fc32                          @anaconda
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                2.1.27-4.fc32                          @anaconda
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                              2.1.27-4.fc32                          @anaconda
darktable.x86_64                                     3.0.2-1.fc32                           @updates
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                   68-1.fc32                              @anaconda
dbus.x86_64                                          1:1.12.20-1.fc32                       @updates
dbus-broker.x86_64                                   23-2.fc32                              @updates
dbus-c++.x86_64                                      0.9.0-22.fc32                          @fedora
dbus-common.noarch                                   1:1.12.20-1.fc32                       @updates
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                   1:1.12.20-1.fc32                       @updates
dbus-devel.x86_64                                    1:1.12.20-1.fc32                       @updates
dbus-glib.x86_64                                     0.110-7.fc32                           @anaconda
dbus-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.12.20-1.fc32                       @updates
dbus-sharp.x86_64                                    2:0.8.1-12.fc32                        @fedora
dbus-sharp-glib.x86_64                               0.6.0-9.fc32                           @fedora
dbus-tools.x86_64                                    1:1.12.20-1.fc32                       @updates
dbus-x11.x86_64                                      1:1.12.20-1.fc32                       @updates
dbusmenu-qt.x86_64                                   0.9.3-0.22.20160218.fc32               @anaconda
dbusmenu-qt5.x86_64                                  0.9.3-0.22.20160218.fc32               @anaconda
dbxtool.x86_64                                       8-12.fc32                              @updates
dcmtk.x86_64                                         3.6.4-5.fc32                           @fedora
dconf.x86_64                                         0.36.0-1.fc32                          @anaconda
dcraw.x86_64                                         9.28.0-9.fc32                          @fedora
dee.x86_64                                           1.2.7-30.fc32                          @updates
deepin-sound-theme.noarch                            15.10.3-4.fc32                         @fedora
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                             2.37-8.fc32                            @updates
dejavu-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                        2.37-8.fc32                            @updates
dejavu-serif-fonts.noarch                            2.37-8.fc32                            @updates
deltarpm.x86_64                                      3.6.2-5.fc32                           @anaconda
desktop-backgrounds-compat.noarch                    32.0.0-3.fc32                          @anaconda
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                            0.24-2.fc32                            @anaconda
device-mapper.x86_64                                 1.02.171-1.fc32                        @anaconda
device-mapper-event.x86_64                           1.02.171-1.fc32                        @anaconda
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                      1.02.171-1.fc32                        @anaconda
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                            1.02.171-1.fc32                        @anaconda
device-mapper-multipath.x86_64                       0.8.2-4.fc32                           @updates
device-mapper-multipath-libs.x86_64                  0.8.2-4.fc32                           @updates
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                 0.8.5-3.fc32                           @anaconda
dhcp-client.x86_64                                   12:4.4.2-5.b1.fc32                     @anaconda
dhcp-common.noarch                                   12:4.4.2-5.b1.fc32                     @anaconda
dia.x86_64                                           1:0.97.3-13.fc32                       @fedora
diffstat.x86_64                                      1.63-2.fc32                            @fedora
diffutils.x86_64                                     3.7-4.fc32                             @anaconda
digikam.x86_64                                       7.0.0-1.fc32                           @updates
digikam-doc.noarch                                   7.0.0-1.fc32                           @updates
digikam-libs.x86_64                                  7.0.0-1.fc32                           @updates
distribution-gpg-keys.noarch                         1.40-1.fc32                            @updates
djvulibre-libs.x86_64                                3.5.27-19.fc32                         @anaconda
dleyna-connector-dbus.x86_64                         0.3.0-6.fc32                           @fedora
dleyna-core.x86_64                                   0.6.0-6.fc32                           @fedora
dleyna-renderer.x86_64                               0.6.0-6.fc32                           @fedora
dleyna-server.x86_64                                 0.6.0-6.fc32                           @fedora
dmenu.x86_64                                         4.9-4.fc32                             @fedora
dmg2img.x86_64                                       1.6.7-8.fc32                           @fedora
dmidecode.x86_64                                     1:3.2-5.fc32                           @anaconda
dmraid.x86_64                                        1.0.0.rc16-44.fc32                     @anaconda
dmraid-events.x86_64                                 1.0.0.rc16-44.fc32                     @anaconda
dnf.noarch                                           4.2.23-1.fc32                          @updates
dnf-data.noarch                                      4.2.23-1.fc32                          @updates
dnf-plugin-subscription-manager.x86_64               1.25.9-5.fc32                          @fedora
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                              4.0.16-1.fc32                          @updates
dnf-utils.noarch                                     4.0.16-1.fc32                          @updates
dnfdaemon.noarch                                     0.3.20-1.fc32                          @anaconda
dnfdaemon-selinux.noarch                             0.3.20-1.fc32                          @anaconda
dnfdragora.noarch                                    2.0.0-2.fc32                           @anaconda
dnsmasq.x86_64                                       2.81-4.fc32                            @updates
docbook-dtds.noarch                                  1.0-75.fc32                            @anaconda
docbook-style-xsl.noarch                             1.79.2-11.fc32                         @anaconda
dolphin.x86_64                                       20.04.1-1.fc32                         @updates
dolphin-libs.x86_64                                  20.04.1-1.fc32                         @updates
dos2unix.x86_64                                      7.4.1-2.fc32                           @anaconda
dosfstools.x86_64                                    4.1-10.fc32                            @anaconda
dotconf.x86_64                                       1.3-23.fc32                            @anaconda
double-conversion.x86_64                             3.1.5-2.fc32                           @fedora
doxygen.x86_64                                       1:1.8.18-4.fc32                        @updates
dracut.x86_64                                        050-61.git20200529.fc32                @updates
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                          050-61.git20200529.fc32                @updates
dracut-live.x86_64                                   050-61.git20200529.fc32                @updates
dracut-network.x86_64                                050-61.git20200529.fc32                @updates
dracut-squash.x86_64                                 050-61.git20200529.fc32                @updates
dragon.x86_64                                        19.12.1-1.fc32                         @anaconda
drpm.x86_64                                          0.5.0-1.fc32                           @updates
drumkv1.x86_64                                       0.9.14-1.fc32                          @updates
drumstick.x86_64                                     1.1.3-2.fc32                           @fedora
dssi.x86_64                                          1.1.1-19.fc32                          @fedora
dvd+rw-tools.x86_64                                  7.1-32.fc32                            @anaconda
dwz.x86_64                                           0.13-2.fc32                            @fedora
dyninst.x86_64                                       10.1.0-5.fc32                          @fedora
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                     1.45.5-3.fc32                          @anaconda
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                1.45.5-3.fc32                          @anaconda
ebook-tools-libs.x86_64                              0.2.2-16.fc32                          @anaconda
eclipse-swt.x86_64                                   1:4.14-5.fc32                          @fedora
ed.x86_64                                            1.14.2-8.fc32                          @anaconda
editorconfig-libs.x86_64                             0.12.3-4.fc32                          @anaconda
edk2-aarch64.noarch                                  20200201stable-1.fc32                  @updates
edk2-ovmf.noarch                                     20200201stable-1.fc32                  @updates
efi-filesystem.noarch                                4-4.fc32                               @anaconda
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                               4-4.fc32                               @fedora
efibootmgr.x86_64                                    16-7.fc32                              @anaconda
efivar-libs.x86_64                                   37-7.fc32                              @anaconda
elementary-files.x86_64                              4.4.4-1.fc32                           @updates
elementary-print.x86_64                              0.1.3-4.fc32                           @fedora
elementary-sound-theme.noarch                        1.0-5.fc32                             @fedora
elementary-theme.noarch                              5.4.2-1.fc32                           @fedora
elementary-theme-gtk2.noarch                         5.4.2-1.fc32                           @fedora
elementary-theme-gtk3.noarch                         5.4.2-1.fc32                           @fedora
elfutils.x86_64                                      0.179-2.fc32                           @updates
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                    0.179-2.fc32                           @updates
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                   0.179-2.fc32                           @updates
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                               0.179-2.fc32                           @updates
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                 0.179-2.fc32                           @updates
emacs-filesystem.noarch                              1:26.3-2.fc32                          @anaconda
embree.x86_64                                        3.11.0-1.fc32                          @updates
enblend.x86_64                                       4.2-16.fc32                            @fedora
enca.x86_64                                          1.19-5.fc32                            @fedora
enchant.x86_64                                       1:1.6.0-25.fc32                        @fedora
enchant2.x86_64                                      2.2.8-1.fc32                           @anaconda
entangle.x86_64                                      2.0-4.fc32                             @fedora
eog.x86_64                                           3.36.3-1.fc32                          @updates
eom.x86_64                                           1.24.0-2.fc32                          @fedora
esmtp.x86_64                                         1.2-15.fc32                            @fedora
espeak-ng.x86_64                                     1.50-2.fc32                            @anaconda
ethtool.x86_64                                       2:5.7-1.fc32                           @updates
evince.x86_64                                        3.36.7-1.fc32                          @updates
evince-djvu.x86_64                                   3.36.7-1.fc32                          @updates
evince-libs.x86_64                                   3.36.7-1.fc32                          @updates
evince-nautilus.x86_64                               3.36.7-1.fc32                          @updates
evolution-data-server.x86_64                         3.36.4-1.fc32                          @updates
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch               3.36.4-1.fc32                          @updates
exempi.x86_64                                        2.5.1-2.fc32                           @fedora
exiv2.x86_64                                         0.27.2-2.fc32                          @anaconda
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                    0.27.2-2.fc32                          @anaconda
exo.x86_64                                           0.12.11-2.fc32                         @fedora
expat.x86_64                                         2.2.8-2.fc32                           @anaconda
expat-devel.x86_64                                   2.2.8-2.fc32                           @fedora
f2fs-tools.x86_64                                    1.13.0-2.fc32                          @anaconda
f32-backgrounds-base.noarch                          32.2.2-1.fc32                          @updates
f32-backgrounds-kde.noarch                           32.2.2-1.fc32                          @updates
f32-backgrounds-mate.noarch                          32.2.2-1.fc32                          @updates
faad2-libs.x86_64                                    1:2.9.2-1.fc32                         @rpmfusion-free-updates
fakeroot.x86_64                                      1.24-3.fc32                            @fedora
fakeroot-libs.x86_64                                 1.24-3.fc32                            @fedora
falkon.x86_64                                        3.1.0-3.fc32                           @anaconda
fatresize.x86_64                                     1.1.0-1.fc32                           @updates
fcoe-utils.x86_64                                    1.0.32-9.git9834b34.fc31               @anaconda
fdk-aac-free.x86_64                                  2.0.0-3.fc32                           @anaconda
fedora-bookmarks.noarch                              28-7.fc32                              @anaconda
fedora-gpg-keys.noarch                               32-4                                   @updates
fedora-icon-theme.noarch                             1.0.0-27.fc32                          @fedora
fedora-logos.x86_64                                  30.0.2-4.fc32                          @anaconda
fedora-logos-httpd.noarch                            30.0.2-4.fc32                          @fedora
fedora-release-common.noarch                         32-3                                   @updates
fedora-release-kde.noarch                            32-3                                   @updates
fedora-repos.noarch                                  32-4                                   @updates
fedorawaves-kdm-theme.noarch                         1.1-19.fc32                            @fedora
ffado.x86_64                                         2.4.3-2.fc32                           @updates
ffmpeg.x86_64                                        4.2.4-1.fc32                           @rpmfusion-free-updates
ffmpeg-libs.x86_64                                   4.2.4-1.fc32                           @rpmfusion-free-updates
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                              3.3.8-7.fc32                           @fedora
fftw-libs-single.x86_64                              3.3.8-7.fc32                           @fedora
file.x86_64                                          5.38-2.fc32                            @anaconda
file-libs.x86_64                                     5.38-2.fc32                            @anaconda
file-roller.x86_64                                   3.36.2-1.fc32                          @updates
file-roller-nautilus.x86_64                          3.36.2-1.fc32                          @updates
filelight.x86_64                                     1:19.12.2-1.fc32                       @fedora
filesystem.x86_64                                    3.14-2.fc32                            @anaconda
findutils.x86_64                                     1:4.7.0-4.fc32                         @updates
fips-mode-setup.noarch                               20200619-1.git781bbd4.fc32             @updates
firefox.x86_64                                       78.0.2-1.fc32                          @updates
firewall-config.noarch                               0.8.3-1.fc32                           @updates
firewalld.noarch                                     0.8.3-1.fc32                           @updates
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                          0.8.3-1.fc32                           @updates
flac-libs.x86_64                                     1.3.3-2.fc32                           @anaconda
flashrom.x86_64                                      1.2-2.fc32                             @anaconda
flat-remix-gtk2-theme.noarch                         0.0.20191224-2.fc32                    @fedora
flat-remix-gtk3-theme.noarch                         0.0.20191224-2.fc32                    @fedora
flatpak.x86_64                                       1.6.4-1.fc32                           @updates
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                  1.6.4-1.fc32                           @updates
flatpak-selinux.noarch                               1.6.4-1.fc32                           @updates
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                        1.6.4-1.fc32                           @updates
flex.x86_64                                          2.6.4-4.fc32                           @fedora
fltk.x86_64                                          1.3.5-3.fc32                           @fedora
fluid-soundfont-common.noarch                        3.1-22.fc32                            @fedora
fluid-soundfont-gm.noarch                            3.1-22.fc32                            @fedora
fluidsynth.x86_64                                    1.1.11-7.fc32                          @fedora
fluidsynth-dssi.x86_64                               1.0.0-21.fc32                          @fedora
fluidsynth-libs.x86_64                               1.1.11-7.fc32                          @fedora
folks.x86_64                                         1:0.14.0-1.fc32                        @fedora
fondo.x86_64                                         1.3.9-1.fc32                           @updates
fontawesome-fonts.noarch                             4.7.0-8.fc32                           @fedora
fontawesome-fonts-web.noarch                         4.7.0-8.fc32                           @fedora
fontconfig.x86_64                                    2.13.92-9.fc32                         @updates
fontconfig-devel.x86_64                              2.13.92-9.fc32                         @updates
fontforge.x86_64                                     20200314-5.fc32                        @updates
fonts-filesystem.noarch                              2.0.3-1.fc32                           @anaconda
fonts-srpm-macros.noarch                             2.0.3-1.fc32                           @fedora
foomatic.x86_64                                      4.0.13-11.fc32                         @updates
foomatic-db.noarch                                   4.0-66.20200526.fc32                   @updates
foomatic-db-filesystem.noarch                        4.0-66.20200526.fc32                   @updates
foomatic-db-ppds.noarch                              4.0-66.20200526.fc32                   @updates
fortune-mod.x86_64                                   2.10.0-3.fc32                          @fedora
fotoxx.x86_64                                        20.16-1.fc32                           @updates
fpaste.noarch                                        0.4.0.1-2.fc32                         @fedora
fpc-srpm-macros.noarch                               1.3-1.fc32                             @fedora
fprintd.x86_64                                       1.90.1-1.fc32                          @anaconda
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                   1.90.1-1.fc32                          @anaconda
freecell-solver-data.noarch                          5.16.0-2.fc32                          @anaconda
freeglut.x86_64                                      3.2.1-3.fc32                           @fedora
freeglut-devel.x86_64                                3.2.1-3.fc32                           @fedora
freeipa-client.x86_64                                4.8.7-1.fc32                           @updates
freeipa-client-common.noarch                         4.8.7-1.fc32                           @updates
freeipa-common.noarch                                4.8.7-1.fc32                           @updates
freeipa-selinux.noarch                               4.8.7-1.fc32                           @updates
freerdp.x86_64                                       2:2.2.0-1.fc32                         @updates
freerdp-libs.x86_64                                  2:2.2.0-1.fc32                         @updates
freetype.x86_64                                      2.10.2-1.fc32                          @updates
freetype-devel.x86_64                                2.10.2-1.fc32                          @updates
freexl.x86_64                                        1.0.5-5.fc32                           @fedora
frei0r-plugins.x86_64                                1.7.0-7.fc32                           @updates
frescobaldi.noarch                                   3.1.2-4.fc32                           @updates
fribidi.x86_64                                       1.0.9-1.fc32                           @anaconda
fribidi-devel.x86_64                                 1.0.9-1.fc32                           @fedora
fstrm.x86_64                                         0.5.0-2.fc32                           @anaconda
fuse.x86_64                                          2.9.9-9.fc32                           @anaconda
fuse-common.x86_64                                   3.9.1-1.fc32                           @anaconda
fuse-libs.x86_64                                     2.9.9-9.fc32                           @anaconda
fuse-overlayfs.x86_64                                1.1.2-1.fc32                           @updates
fuse-sshfs.x86_64                                    3.7.0-3.fc32                           @anaconda
fuse3.x86_64                                         3.9.1-1.fc32                           @anaconda
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                    3.9.1-1.fc32                           @anaconda
fwupd.x86_64                                         1.4.4-1.fc32                           @updates
fxload.x86_64                                        2008_10_13-14.fc32                     @fedora
game-music-emu.x86_64                                0.6.2-3.fc31                           @fedora
gamin.x86_64                                         0.1.10-36.fc32                         @fedora
garcon.x86_64                                        0.6.4-4.fc32                           @fedora
gavl.x86_64                                          1.4.0-16.fc32                          @fedora
gawk.x86_64                                          5.0.1-7.fc32                           @anaconda
gc.x86_64                                            8.0.4-3.fc32                           @anaconda
gcc.x86_64                                           10.1.1-1.fc32                          @updates
gcc-c++.x86_64                                       10.1.1-1.fc32                          @updates
gcc-gdb-plugin.x86_64                                10.1.1-1.fc32                          @updates
gcc-gfortran.x86_64                                  10.1.1-1.fc32                          @updates
gcr.x86_64                                           3.36.0-1.fc32                          @anaconda
gcr-base.x86_64                                      3.36.0-1.fc32                          @anaconda
gd.x86_64                                            2.3.0-2.fc32                           @updates
gdal-libs.x86_64                                     3.0.4-2.fc32                           @fedora
gdb.x86_64                                           9.1-5.fc32                             @updates
gdb-headless.x86_64                                  9.1-5.fc32                             @updates
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.18.1-3.fc32                        @anaconda
gdcm.x86_64                                          3.0.1-6.fc32                           @fedora
gdisk.x86_64                                         1.0.5-1.fc32                           @anaconda
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                   2.40.0-2.fc32                          @anaconda
gdk-pixbuf2-devel.x86_64                             2.40.0-2.fc32                          @fedora
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                           2.40.0-2.fc32                          @anaconda
gdm.x86_64                                           1:3.36.3-1.fc32                        @updates
gdouros-symbola-fonts.noarch                         10.24-6.fc32                           @fedora
gecode.x86_64                                        5.1.0-7.fc32                           @fedora
gedit.x86_64                                         2:3.36.2-1.fc32                        @updates
gegl04.x86_64                                        0.4.24-1.fc32                          @updates
genisoimage.x86_64                                   1.1.11-44.fc32                         @anaconda
geoclue2.x86_64                                      2.5.6-1.fc32                           @anaconda
geoclue2-libs.x86_64                                 2.5.6-1.fc32                           @fedora
geocode-glib.x86_64                                  3.26.2-1.fc32                          @fedora
geolite2-city.noarch                                 20191217-2.fc32                        @anaconda
geolite2-country.noarch                              20191217-2.fc32                        @anaconda
geos.x86_64                                          3.8.1-1.fc32                           @updates
gettext.x86_64                                       0.20.2-1.fc32                          @updates
gettext-libs.x86_64                                  0.20.2-1.fc32                          @updates
gfbgraph.x86_64                                      0.2.3-11.fc32                          @fedora
gfs2-utils.x86_64                                    3.2.0-7.fc32                           @anaconda
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                               1.5.0-2.fc32                           @fedora
ghostscript.x86_64                                   9.52-7.fc32                            @updates
ghostscript-core.x86_64                              9.52-7.fc32                            @updates
ghostscript-tools-fonts.x86_64                       9.52-7.fc32                            @updates
ghostscript-tools-printing.x86_64                    9.52-7.fc32                            @updates
giflib.x86_64                                        5.2.1-4.fc32                           @anaconda
gimp.x86_64                                          2:2.10.20-1.fc32                       @updates
gimp-data-extras.noarch                              2.0.2-21.fc32                          @fedora
gimp-dbp.x86_64                                      1.1.9-19.fc32                          @fedora
gimp-dds-plugin.x86_64                               3.0.1-13.fc32                          @fedora
gimp-elsamuko.noarch                                 29-3.fc32                              @fedora
gimp-fourier-plugin.x86_64                           0.4.1-20.fc32                          @fedora
gimp-help.noarch                                     2.10.0-4.fc32                          @fedora
gimp-help-fr.noarch                                  2.10.0-4.fc32                          @fedora
gimp-high-pass-filter.noarch                         1.2-13.fc32                            @fedora
gimp-layer-via-copy-cut.x86_64                       1.6-16.fc32                            @fedora
gimp-lensfun.x86_64                                  0.2.4-14.fc32                          @fedora
gimp-libs.x86_64                                     2:2.10.20-1.fc32                       @updates
gimp-lqr-plugin.x86_64                               0.7.2-15.fc32                          @fedora
gimp-normalmap.x86_64                                1.2.3-22.fc32                          @fedora
gimp-paint-studio.noarch                             2.0-18.fc32                            @fedora
gimp-resynthesizer.x86_64                            2.0.3-3.20190428gitadfa25a.fc32        @fedora
gimp-save-for-web.x86_64                             0.29.3-9.fc32                          @fedora
gimp-wavelet-denoise-plugin.x86_64                   0.3.1-17.fc32                          @fedora
gimpfx-foundry.noarch                                2.6.1-12.fc32                          @fedora
git.x86_64                                           2.26.2-1.fc32                          @updates
git-clang-format.x86_64                              10.0.0-2.fc32                          @updates
git-core.x86_64                                      2.26.2-1.fc32                          @updates
git-core-doc.noarch                                  2.26.2-1.fc32                          @updates
git-gui.noarch                                       2.26.2-1.fc32                          @updates
git-lfs.x86_64                                       2.11.0-1.fc32                          @updates
gitk.noarch                                          2.26.2-1.fc32                          @updates
gjs.x86_64                                           1.64.4-1.fc32                          @updates
gl-manpages.noarch                                   1.1-20.20190306.fc32                   @fedora
glfw.x86_64                                          1:3.3.2-2.fc32                         @fedora
glib.x86_64                                          1:1.2.10-58.fc32                       @fedora
glib-devel.x86_64                                    1:1.2.10-58.fc32                       @fedora
glib-networking.x86_64                               2.64.3-1.fc32                          @updates
glib2.x86_64                                         2.64.4-1.fc32                          @updates
glib2-devel.x86_64                                   2.64.4-1.fc32                          @updates
glibc.x86_64                                         2.31-4.fc32                            @updates
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                           2.31-4.fc32                            @updates
glibc-common.x86_64                                  2.31-4.fc32                            @updates
glibc-devel.x86_64                                   2.31-4.fc32                            @updates
glibc-headers.x86_64                                 2.31-4.fc32                            @updates
glibc-langpack-en.x86_64                             2.31-4.fc32                            @updates
glibc-langpack-fr.x86_64                             2.31-4.fc32                            @updates
glibmm24.x86_64                                      2.64.2-1.fc32                          @anaconda
glpk.x86_64                                          4.65-5.fc32                            @fedora
glusterfs.x86_64                                     7.6-1.fc32                             @updates
glusterfs-api.x86_64                                 7.6-1.fc32                             @updates
glusterfs-cli.x86_64                                 7.6-1.fc32                             @updates
glusterfs-client-xlators.x86_64                      7.6-1.fc32                             @updates
glusterfs-fuse.x86_64                                7.6-1.fc32                             @updates
glusterfs-libs.x86_64                                7.6-1.fc32                             @updates
glx-utils.x86_64                                     8.4.0-6.20181118git1830dcb.fc32        @anaconda
gmic.x86_64                                          2.9.0-3.fc32                           @updates
gmic-gimp.x86_64                                     2.9.0-3.fc32                           @updates
gmp.x86_64                                           1:6.1.2-13.fc32                        @anaconda
gnat-srpm-macros.noarch                              4-11.fc32                              @fedora
gnome-abrt.x86_64                                    1.3.5-1.fc32                           @updates
gnome-autoar.x86_64                                  0.2.4-2.fc32                           @fedora
gnome-backgrounds.noarch                             3.36.0-1.fc32                          @fedora
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                               1:3.34.1-1.fc32                        @fedora
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                          1:3.34.1-1.fc32                        @fedora
gnome-bluetooth-libs-devel.x86_64                    1:3.34.1-1.fc32                        @fedora
gnome-boxes.x86_64                                   3.36.5-1.fc32                          @updates
gnome-calculator.x86_64                              3.36.0-1.fc32                          @fedora
gnome-calendar.x86_64                                3.36.2-1.fc32                          @updates
gnome-characters.x86_64                              3.34.0-2.fc32                          @fedora
gnome-classic-session.noarch                         3.36.2-1.fc32                          @updates
gnome-clocks.x86_64                                  3.36.2-1.fc32                          @updates
gnome-color-manager.x86_64                           3.36.0-1.fc32                          @fedora
gnome-commander.x86_64                               4:1.10.3-1.fc32                        @updates
gnome-contacts.x86_64                                3.36.2-1.fc32                          @updates
gnome-control-center.x86_64                          3.36.4-1.fc32                          @updates
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch               3.36.4-1.fc32                          @updates
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                                3.36.4-1.fc32                          @updates
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                            3.36.3-1.fc32                          @updates
gnome-font-viewer.x86_64                             3.34.0-3.fc32                          @fedora
gnome-getting-started-docs.noarch                    3.36.2-1.fc32                          @updates
gnome-getting-started-docs-fr.noarch                 3.36.2-1.fc32                          @updates
gnome-icon-theme.noarch                              3.12.0-13.fc32                         @fedora
gnome-icon-theme-legacy.noarch                       3.12.0-13.fc32                         @fedora
gnome-initial-setup.x86_64                           3.36.4-1.fc32                          @updates
gnome-keyring.x86_64                                 3.36.0-1.fc32                          @anaconda
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                             3.36.0-1.fc32                          @anaconda
gnome-logs.x86_64                                    3.36.0-1.fc32                          @updates
gnome-maps.x86_64                                    3.36.4-1.fc32                          @updates
gnome-menus.x86_64                                   3.36.0-1.fc32                          @fedora
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                         3.36.0-1.fc32                          @fedora
gnome-online-miners.x86_64                           3.34.0-2.fc32                          @fedora
gnome-photos.x86_64                                  3.34.2-1.fc32                          @updates
gnome-remote-desktop.x86_64                          0.1.8-2.fc32                           @updates
gnome-screenshot.x86_64                              3.36.0-1.fc32                          @fedora
gnome-session.x86_64                                 3.36.0-2.fc32                          @fedora
gnome-session-wayland-session.x86_64                 3.36.0-2.fc32                          @fedora
gnome-session-xsession.x86_64                        3.36.0-2.fc32                          @fedora
gnome-settings-daemon.x86_64                         3.36.1-1.fc32                          @updates
gnome-shell.x86_64                                   3.36.4-1.fc32                          @updates
gnome-shell-extension-apps-menu.noarch               3.36.2-1.fc32                          @updates
gnome-shell-extension-common.noarch                  3.36.2-1.fc32                          @updates
gnome-shell-extension-horizontal-workspaces.noarch   3.36.2-1.fc32                          @updates
gnome-shell-extension-launch-new-instance.noarch     3.36.2-1.fc32                          @updates
gnome-shell-extension-places-menu.noarch             3.36.2-1.fc32                          @updates
gnome-shell-extension-system-monitor-applet.noarch   1:38-8.20200503git7f8f0a7.fc32         @updates
gnome-shell-extension-window-list.noarch             3.36.2-1.fc32                          @updates
gnome-software.x86_64                                3.36.1-1.fc32                          @updates
gnome-sound-recorder.noarch                          3.34.0-2.fc32                          @fedora
gnome-system-monitor.x86_64                          3.36.1-1.fc32                          @updates
gnome-terminal.x86_64                                3.36.1.1-1.fc32                        @fedora
gnome-terminal-nautilus.x86_64                       3.36.1.1-1.fc32                        @fedora
gnome-themes.noarch                                  2.32.0-21.fc32                         @fedora
gnome-themes-extra.x86_64                            3.28-7.fc32                            @fedora
gnome-user-docs.noarch                               3.36.2-1.fc32                          @updates
gnome-user-share.x86_64                              3.34.0-2.fc32                          @fedora
gnome-vfs2.x86_64                                    2.24.4-30.fc32                         @fedora
gnome-vfs2-common.noarch                             2.24.4-30.fc32                         @fedora
gnome-vfs2-smb.x86_64                                2.24.4-30.fc32                         @fedora
gnome-video-effects.noarch                           0.5.0-2.fc32                           @fedora
gnome-weather.noarch                                 3.36.1-1.fc32                          @fedora
gnu-free-fonts-common.noarch                         20120503-22.fc32                       @fedora
gnu-free-mono-fonts.noarch                           20120503-22.fc32                       @fedora
gnu-free-sans-fonts.noarch                           20120503-22.fc32                       @fedora
gnu-free-serif-fonts.noarch                          20120503-22.fc32                       @fedora
gnupg2.x86_64                                        2.2.20-2.fc32                          @updates
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                                  2.2.20-2.fc32                          @updates
gnustep-base-libs.x86_64                             1.26.0-3.fc32                          @anaconda
gnutls.x86_64                                        3.6.14-2.fc32                          @updates
go-srpm-macros.noarch                                3.0.8-5.fc32                           @fedora
gobject-introspection.x86_64                         1.64.1-1.fc32                          @anaconda
gom.x86_64                                           0.4-1.fc32                             @fedora
goocanvas.x86_64                                     1.0.0-19.fc32                          @fedora
google-android-emoji-fonts.noarch                    1.01-0.15.20120228git.fc32             @fedora
google-chrome-stable.x86_64                          84.0.4147.105-1                        @google-chrome
google-croscore-arimo-fonts.noarch                   1.31.0-5.fc32                          @fedora
google-croscore-cousine-fonts.noarch                 1.31.0-5.fc32                          @fedora
google-croscore-fonts-common.noarch                  1.31.0-5.fc32                          @fedora
google-croscore-tinos-fonts.noarch                   1.31.0-5.fc32                          @fedora
google-crosextra-caladea-fonts.noarch                1.002-0.14.20130214.fc32               @fedora
google-crosextra-carlito-fonts.noarch                1.103-0.12.20130920.fc32               @fedora
google-droid-fonts-all.noarch                        20200215-3.fc32                        @fedora
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                       20200215-3.fc32                        @anaconda
google-droid-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                  20200215-3.fc32                        @fedora
google-droid-serif-fonts.noarch                      20200215-3.fc32                        @fedora
google-go-fonts.noarch                               0-0.16.20200218git58c2397.fc32         @fedora
google-go-mono-fonts.noarch                          0-0.16.20200218git58c2397.fc32         @fedora
google-go-smallcaps-fonts.noarch                     0-0.16.20200218git58c2397.fc32         @fedora
google-noto-cjk-fonts.noarch                         20190416-6.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-cjk-fonts-common.noarch                  20190416-6.fc32                        @anaconda
google-noto-emoji-color-fonts.noarch                 20200723-1.fc32                        @updates
google-noto-emoji-fonts.noarch                       20200723-1.fc32                        @updates
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                      20181223-7.fc32                        @anaconda
google-noto-kufi-arabic-fonts.noarch                 20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-music-fonts.noarch                       20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-naskh-arabic-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-naskh-arabic-ui-fonts.noarch             20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-nastaliq-urdu-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-adlam-fonts.noarch                  20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-adlam-unjoined-fonts.noarch         20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-anatolian-hieroglyphs-fonts.noarch  20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-arabic-fonts.noarch                 20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-arabic-ui-fonts.noarch              20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-arabic-ui-vf-fonts.noarch           20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch              20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-armenian-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch            20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-avestan-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-bamum-fonts.noarch                  20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-bassa-vah-fonts.noarch              20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-batak-fonts.noarch                  20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-bengali-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-bengali-ui-fonts.noarch             20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-bengali-ui-vf-fonts.noarch          20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-bengali-vf-fonts.noarch             20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-bhaiksuki-fonts.noarch              20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-brahmi-fonts.noarch                 20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-buginese-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-buhid-fonts.noarch                  20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-fonts.noarch    20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-vf-fonts.noarch 20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-carian-fonts.noarch                 20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-caucasian-albanian-fonts.noarch     20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-chakma-fonts.noarch                 20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-cham-fonts.noarch                   20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-cham-vf-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-cherokee-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-cherokee-vf-fonts.noarch            20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-cjk-hk-fonts.noarch                 20190416-6.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-cjk-jp-fonts.noarch                 20190416-6.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-cjk-kr-fonts.noarch                 20190416-6.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-cjk-sc-fonts.noarch                 20190416-6.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-cjk-tc-fonts.noarch                 20190416-6.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch                20190416-6.fc32                        @anaconda
google-noto-sans-coptic-fonts.noarch                 20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-cuneiform-fonts.noarch              20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-cypriot-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-deseret-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-devanagari-fonts.noarch             20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-devanagari-ui-fonts.noarch          20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-devanagari-ui-vf-fonts.noarch       20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-devanagari-vf-fonts.noarch          20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-display-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-display-vf-fonts.noarch             20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-duployan-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-egyptian-hieroglyphs-fonts.noarch   20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-elbasan-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch            20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-fonts.noarch                        20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-georgian-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch            20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-glagolitic-fonts.noarch             20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-gothic-fonts.noarch                 20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-grantha-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-gujarati-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-gujarati-ui-fonts.noarch            20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @anaconda
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-ui-fonts.noarch            20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-hanunoo-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-hatran-fonts.noarch                 20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-hebrew-fonts.noarch                 20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch              20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-hk-fonts.noarch                     20190416-6.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-imperial-aramaic-fonts.noarch       20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-inscriptional-pahlavi-fonts.noarch  20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-inscriptional-parthian-fonts.noarch 20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-javanese-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-jp-fonts.noarch                     20190416-6.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-kaithi-fonts.noarch                 20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-kannada-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-kannada-ui-fonts.noarch             20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-kannada-ui-vf-fonts.noarch          20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-kannada-vf-fonts.noarch             20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-kayah-li-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-kharoshthi-fonts.noarch             20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-khmer-fonts.noarch                  20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-khmer-ui-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-khmer-ui-vf-fonts.noarch            20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-khmer-vf-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-khojki-fonts.noarch                 20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-khudawadi-fonts.noarch              20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-kr-fonts.noarch                     20190416-6.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-lao-fonts.noarch                    20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-lao-ui-fonts.noarch                 20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-lao-ui-vf-fonts.noarch              20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                 20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-lepcha-fonts.noarch                 20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-limbu-fonts.noarch                  20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-linear-a-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-linear-b-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-lisu-fonts.noarch                   20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-lycian-fonts.noarch                 20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-lydian-fonts.noarch                 20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-mahajani-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-malayalam-fonts.noarch              20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-malayalam-ui-fonts.noarch           20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-malayalam-ui-vf-fonts.noarch        20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-malayalam-vf-fonts.noarch           20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-mandaic-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-manichaean-fonts.noarch             20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-marchen-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-math-fonts.noarch                   20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-meetei-mayek-fonts.noarch           20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-mende-kikakui-fonts.noarch          20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-meroitic-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-miao-fonts.noarch                   20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-modi-fonts.noarch                   20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-mongolian-fonts.noarch              20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-mono-cjk-hk-fonts.noarch            20190416-6.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-mono-cjk-jp-fonts.noarch            20190416-6.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-mono-cjk-kr-fonts.noarch            20190416-6.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-mono-cjk-sc-fonts.noarch            20190416-6.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-mono-cjk-tc-fonts.noarch            20190416-6.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                   20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-mono-vf-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-mro-fonts.noarch                    20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-multani-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-myanmar-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-myanmar-ui-fonts.noarch             20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-myanmar-ui-vf-fonts.noarch          20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-myanmar-vf-fonts.noarch             20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-nabataean-fonts.noarch              20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-new-tai-lue-fonts.noarch            20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-newa-fonts.noarch                   20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-nko-fonts.noarch                    20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-ogham-fonts.noarch                  20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-ol-chiki-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-old-hungarian-fonts.noarch          20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-old-italic-fonts.noarch             20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-old-north-arabian-fonts.noarch      20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-old-permic-fonts.noarch             20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-old-persian-fonts.noarch            20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-old-south-arabian-fonts.noarch      20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-old-turkic-fonts.noarch             20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-oriya-fonts.noarch                  20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-oriya-ui-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-osage-fonts.noarch                  20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-osmanya-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-pahawh-hmong-fonts.noarch           20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-palmyrene-fonts.noarch              20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-pau-cin-hau-fonts.noarch            20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-phags-pa-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-phoenician-fonts.noarch             20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-psalter-pahlavi-fonts.noarch        20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-rejang-fonts.noarch                 20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-runic-fonts.noarch                  20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-samaritan-fonts.noarch              20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-saurashtra-fonts.noarch             20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-sc-fonts.noarch                     20190416-6.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-sharada-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-shavian-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-sinhala-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-sinhala-ui-fonts.noarch             20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch             20181223-7.fc32                        @anaconda
google-noto-sans-sora-sompeng-fonts.noarch           20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-sundanese-fonts.noarch              20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-syloti-nagri-fonts.noarch           20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-symbols-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-symbols-vf-fonts.noarch             20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-symbols2-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-syriac-eastern-fonts.noarch         20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-syriac-estrangela-fonts.noarch      20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-syriac-fonts.noarch                 20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-syriac-western-fonts.noarch         20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-tagalog-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-tagbanwa-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-tai-le-fonts.noarch                 20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-tai-tham-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-tai-viet-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-takri-fonts.noarch                  20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-tamil-fonts.noarch                  20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-tamil-ui-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-tamil-ui-vf-fonts.noarch            20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-tamil-vf-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-tc-fonts.noarch                     20190416-6.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-telugu-fonts.noarch                 20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-telugu-ui-fonts.noarch              20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-thaana-fonts.noarch                 20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-thaana-vf-fonts.noarch              20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-thai-fonts.noarch                   20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-thai-ui-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-thai-ui-vf-fonts.noarch             20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-thai-vf-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-tibetan-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-tifinagh-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-tirhuta-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-ugaritic-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-vai-fonts.noarch                    20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-vf-fonts.noarch                     20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-warang-citi-fonts.noarch            20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-sans-yi-fonts.noarch                     20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-ahom-fonts.noarch                  20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-armenian-fonts.noarch              20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch           20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-balinese-fonts.noarch              20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-bengali-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-cjk-jp-fonts.noarch                20190416-6.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-cjk-kr-fonts.noarch                20190416-6.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-cjk-sc-fonts.noarch                20190416-6.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-cjk-tc-fonts.noarch                20190416-6.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch               20190416-6.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-devanagari-fonts.noarch            20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-display-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-display-vf-fonts.noarch            20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-ethiopic-fonts.noarch              20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch           20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-fonts.noarch                       20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-georgian-fonts.noarch              20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch           20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-gujarati-fonts.noarch              20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-gujarati-vf-fonts.noarch           20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-gurmukhi-fonts.noarch              20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch           20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-hebrew-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch             20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-jp-fonts.noarch                    20190416-6.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-kannada-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-kannada-vf-fonts.noarch            20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-khmer-fonts.noarch                 20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-khmer-vf-fonts.noarch              20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-kr-fonts.noarch                    20190416-6.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-lao-fonts.noarch                   20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-malayalam-fonts.noarch             20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-myanmar-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-myanmar-vf-fonts.noarch            20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-sc-fonts.noarch                    20190416-6.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-sinhala-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch            20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-tamil-fonts.noarch                 20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-tamil-slanted-fonts.noarch         20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-tamil-slanted-vf-fonts.noarch      20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-tamil-vf-fonts.noarch              20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-tc-fonts.noarch                    20190416-6.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-telugu-fonts.noarch                20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-thai-fonts.noarch                  20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-thai-vf-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-tibetan-fonts.noarch               20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-tibetan-vf-fonts.noarch            20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-noto-serif-vf-fonts.noarch                    20181223-7.fc32                        @fedora
google-roboto-condensed-fonts.noarch                 2.138-6.fc32                           @fedora
google-roboto-fonts.noarch                           2.138-6.fc32                           @fedora
google-roboto-mono-fonts.noarch                      2.002-0.1.20200129git.fc32             @fedora
google-roboto-slab-fonts.noarch                      1.100263-0.11.20150923git.fc32         @fedora
google-rubik-fonts.noarch                            2.100-2.20200314git2e360a2.fc32        @fedora
gparted.x86_64                                       1.1.0-2.fc32                           @fedora
gpgme.x86_64                                         1.14.0-1.fc32                          @updates
gpgmepp.x86_64                                       1.14.0-1.fc32                          @updates
gpick.x86_64                                         0.2.6-0.rc1.20181011git.2.fc32.1       @fedora
gpick-libs.x86_64                                    0.2.6-0.rc1.20181011git.2.fc32.1       @fedora
gpm-libs.x86_64                                      1.20.7-21.fc32                         @fedora
gpsd-libs.x86_64                                     1:3.19-5.fc32                          @anaconda
granite.x86_64                                       5.5.0-1.fc32                           @updates
grantlee-editor.x86_64                               19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
grantlee-editor-libs.x86_64                          19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
grantlee-qt5.x86_64                                  5.2.0-5.fc32                           @anaconda
graphene.x86_64                                      1.10.2-1.fc32                          @updates
graphite2.x86_64                                     1.3.14-1.fc32                          @updates
graphite2-devel.x86_64                               1.3.14-1.fc32                          @updates
graphviz.x86_64                                      2.42.4-1.fc32                          @fedora
grep.x86_64                                          3.3-4.fc32                             @anaconda
grilo.x86_64                                         0.3.12-1.fc32                          @fedora
grilo-plugins.x86_64                                 0.3.11-2.fc32                          @fedora
groff-base.x86_64                                    1.22.3-21.fc32                         @anaconda
grub2-breeze-theme.x86_64                            5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
grub2-common.noarch                                  1:2.04-21.fc32                         @updates
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                                1:2.04-21.fc32                         @updates
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                         1:2.04-21.fc32                         @updates
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                                 1:2.04-21.fc32                         @updates
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                          1:2.04-21.fc32                         @updates
grub2-pc.x86_64                                      1:2.04-21.fc32                         @updates
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                              1:2.04-21.fc32                         @updates
grub2-tools.x86_64                                   1:2.04-21.fc32                         @updates
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                               1:2.04-21.fc32                         @updates
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                             1:2.04-21.fc32                         @updates
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                           1:2.04-21.fc32                         @updates
grubby.x86_64                                        8.40-40.fc32                           @anaconda
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                     3.36.1-1.fc32                          @updates
gsl.x86_64                                           2.6-2.fc32                             @anaconda
gsm.x86_64                                           1.0.18-6.fc32                          @anaconda
gsmartcontrol.x86_64                                 1.1.3-6.fc32                           @fedora
gsound.x86_64                                        1.0.2-11.fc32                          @fedora
gspell.x86_64                                        1.8.3-2.fc32                           @fedora
gssdp.x86_64                                         1.0.5-1.fc32                           @updates
gssproxy.x86_64                                      0.8.2-8.fc32                           @anaconda
gst-editing-services.x86_64                          1.16.2-2.fc32                          @fedora
gst-transcoder.x86_64                                1.16.0-3.fc32                          @fedora
gstreamer1.x86_64                                    1.16.2-2.fc32                          @anaconda
gstreamer1-libav.x86_64                              1.16.2-3.fc32                          @rpmfusion-free
gstreamer1-plugin-openh264.x86_64                    1.16.2-1.fc32                          @fedora-cisco-openh264
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                   1.16.2-3.fc32                          @anaconda
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free-extras.x86_64            1.16.2-3.fc32                          @fedora
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-freeworld.x86_64              1.16.2-5.fc32                          @rpmfusion-free
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                       1.16.2-3.fc32                          @updates
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                       1.16.2-2.fc32                          @anaconda
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                   1.16.2-2.fc32                          @fedora
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.x86_64                    1.16.2-2.fc32                          @anaconda
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly.x86_64                       1.16.2-3.fc32                          @rpmfusion-free
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64                  1.16.2-2.fc32                          @fedora
gthumb.x86_64                                        1:3.10.0-1.fc32                        @updates
gtk+.x86_64                                          1:1.2.10-93.fc32                       @fedora
gtk+-devel.x86_64                                    1:1.2.10-93.fc32                       @fedora
gtk+extra.x86_64                                     2.1.2-27.fc32                          @fedora
gtk+extra-devel.x86_64                               2.1.2-27.fc32                          @fedora
gtk-layer-shell.x86_64                               0.1.0-3.fc32                           @fedora
gtk-murrine-engine.x86_64                            0.98.2-18.fc32                         @fedora
gtk-nimbus-engine.x86_64                             0.1.4-20.fc32                          @fedora
gtk-nodoka-engine.x86_64                             0.7.5-19.fc32                          @fedora
gtk-nodoka-engine-extras.noarch                      0.7.5-19.fc32                          @fedora
gtk-sharp3.x86_64                                    2.99.3-29.fc32                         @fedora
gtk-unico-engine.x86_64                              1.0.3-0.15.20140109bzr152.fc32         @fedora
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                         3.24.21-1.fc32                         @updates
gtk-vnc2.x86_64                                      1.0.0-2.fc32                           @fedora
gtk-xfce-engine.x86_64                               3.2.0-11.fc32                          @fedora
gtk2.x86_64                                          2.24.32-7.fc32                         @anaconda
gtk2-devel.x86_64                                    2.24.32-7.fc32                         @fedora
gtk2-engines.x86_64                                  2.20.2-20.fc32                         @fedora
gtk2-engines-devel.x86_64                            2.20.2-20.fc32                         @fedora
gtk2-immodule-xim.x86_64                             2.24.32-7.fc32                         @fedora
gtk3.x86_64                                          3.24.21-1.fc32                         @updates
gtk3-devel.x86_64                                    3.24.21-1.fc32                         @updates
gtk3-immodule-xim.x86_64                             3.24.21-1.fc32                         @updates
gtkd.x86_64                                          3.9.0-1.fc32                           @fedora
gtkglext-libs.x86_64                                 1.2.0-36.fc32                          @fedora
gtkimageview.x86_64                                  1.6.4-22.fc32                          @fedora
gtkmm24.x86_64                                       2.24.5-9.fc32                          @fedora
gtkmm30.x86_64                                       3.24.2-2.fc32                          @anaconda
gtksourceview3.x86_64                                3.24.11-3.fc32                         @fedora
gtksourceview4.x86_64                                4.6.1-1.fc32                           @updates
gtkspell3.x86_64                                     3.0.10-5.fc32                          @fedora
gts.x86_64                                           0.7.6-37.20121130.fc32                 @fedora
guile.x86_64                                         5:2.0.14-19.fc32                       @anaconda
guile22.x86_64                                       2.2.6-4.fc32                           @anaconda
guitarix.x86_64                                      0.40.0-3.fc32                          @updates
gupnp.x86_64                                         1.0.5-1.fc32                           @updates
gupnp-av.x86_64                                      0.12.11-3.fc32                         @fedora
gupnp-dlna.x86_64                                    0.10.5-12.fc32                         @fedora
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                     0.2.5-8.fc32                           @anaconda
gutenprint.x86_64                                    5.3.3-2.fc32                           @anaconda
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                               5.3.3-2.fc32                           @anaconda
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                               5.3.3-2.fc32                           @anaconda
gvfs.x86_64                                          1.44.1-1.fc32                          @fedora
gvfs-afc.x86_64                                      1.44.1-1.fc32                          @fedora
gvfs-afp.x86_64                                      1.44.1-1.fc32                          @fedora
gvfs-archive.x86_64                                  1.44.1-1.fc32                          @fedora
gvfs-client.x86_64                                   1.44.1-1.fc32                          @fedora
gvfs-fuse.x86_64                                     1.44.1-1.fc32                          @fedora
gvfs-goa.x86_64                                      1.44.1-1.fc32                          @fedora
gvfs-gphoto2.x86_64                                  1.44.1-1.fc32                          @fedora
gvfs-mtp.x86_64                                      1.44.1-1.fc32                          @fedora
gvfs-smb.x86_64                                      1.44.1-1.fc32                          @fedora
gvnc.x86_64                                          1.0.0-2.fc32                           @fedora
gwenview.x86_64                                      1:19.12.1-1.fc32                       @anaconda
gwenview-libs.x86_64                                 1:19.12.1-1.fc32                       @anaconda
gzip.x86_64                                          1.10-2.fc32                            @anaconda
harfbuzz.x86_64                                      2.6.4-3.fc32                           @anaconda
harfbuzz-devel.x86_64                                2.6.4-3.fc32                           @fedora
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                  2.6.4-3.fc32                           @anaconda
harmonyseq.x86_64                                    0.16-30.fc32                           @fedora
hawtjni-runtime.noarch                               1.17-2.fc32                            @fedora
hdf-libs.x86_64                                      4.2.14-8.fc32                          @fedora
hdf5.x86_64                                          1.10.5-6.fc32                          @fedora
herqq.x86_64                                         1.0.0-22.fc32                          @fedora
hexter-dssi.x86_64                                   1.1.0-2.fc32                           @fedora
hfsplus-tools.x86_64                                 540.1.linux3-19.fc32                   @anaconda
hfsutils.x86_64                                      3.2.6-39.fc32                          @anaconda
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                            0.17-8.fc32                            @anaconda
hivex.x86_64                                         1.3.18-21.fc32.1                       @fedora
hostname.x86_64                                      3.23-2.fc32                            @anaconda
hplip.x86_64                                         3.20.6-1.fc32                          @updates
hplip-common.x86_64                                  3.20.6-1.fc32                          @updates
hplip-libs.x86_64                                    3.20.6-1.fc32                          @updates
htop.x86_64                                          2.2.0-8.fc32                           @fedora
http-parser.x86_64                                   2.9.3-2.fc32                           @anaconda
httpd.x86_64                                         2.4.43-5.fc32                          @updates
httpd-filesystem.noarch                              2.4.43-5.fc32                          @updates
httpd-tools.x86_64                                   2.4.43-5.fc32                          @updates
hugin.x86_64                                         2019.2.0-2.fc32                        @fedora
hugin-base.x86_64                                    2019.2.0-2.fc32                        @fedora
hunspell.x86_64                                      1.7.0-5.fc32                           @anaconda
hunspell-en.noarch                                   0.20140811.1-16.fc32                   @anaconda
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                0.20140811.1-16.fc32                   @anaconda
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                0.20140811.1-16.fc32                   @anaconda
hunspell-fr.noarch                                   6.2-5.fc32                             @fedora
hwdata.noarch                                        0.337-1.fc32                           @updates
hydrogen.x86_64                                      0.9.7-12.fc32                          @fedora
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                                0-0.32.20190303git.fc32                @anaconda
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                        0-0.32.20190303git.fc32                @anaconda
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                                  0-0.32.20190303git.fc32                @anaconda
hypervkvpd.x86_64                                    0-0.32.20190303git.fc32                @anaconda
hypervvssd.x86_64                                    0-0.32.20190303git.fc32                @anaconda
hyphen.x86_64                                        2.8.8-13.fc32                          @anaconda
hyphen-en.noarch                                     2.8.8-13.fc32                          @fedora
hyphen-fr.noarch                                     3.0-5.fc32                             @fedora
i3.x86_64                                            4.18.1-1.fc32                          @updates
i3lock.x86_64                                        2.12-3.fc32                            @fedora
i3status.x86_64                                      2.13-2.fc32                            @fedora
ibus.x86_64                                          1.5.22-7.fc32                          @updates
ibus-cangjie.noarch                                  2.4-19.fc32                            @fedora
ibus-cangjie-engine-cangjie.noarch                   2.4-19.fc32                            @fedora
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                     1.5.22-7.fc32                          @updates
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                     1.5.22-7.fc32                          @updates
ibus-hangul.x86_64                                   1.5.3-2.fc32                           @fedora
ibus-kkc.x86_64                                      1.5.22-13.fc32                         @fedora
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                                1.11.92-1.fc32                         @fedora
ibus-libs.x86_64                                     1.5.22-7.fc32                          @updates
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                                1.9.1-3.fc32                           @fedora
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                     1.4.3-1.fc32                           @updates
ibus-qt.x86_64                                       1.3.3-24.fc32                          @fedora
ibus-setup.noarch                                    1.5.22-7.fc32                          @updates
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                           2.9.4-2.fc32                           @updates
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                              3.0-1.fc32                             @fedora
ilmbase.x86_64                                       2.3.0-4.fc32                           @anaconda
im-chooser.x86_64                                    1.7.3-3.fc32                           @fedora
im-chooser-common.x86_64                             1.7.3-3.fc32                           @fedora
im-chooser-xfce.x86_64                               1.7.3-3.fc32                           @fedora
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                                 1.2.1-3.fc32                           @anaconda
imagefactory.noarch                                  1.1.15-2.fc32                          @updates
imagefactory-plugins.noarch                          1.1.15-5.fc32                          @updates
imagefactory-plugins-TinMan.noarch                   1.1.15-5.fc32                          @updates
imlib2.x86_64                                        1.5.1-4.fc32                           @fedora
imsettings.x86_64                                    1.8.2-1.fc32                           @fedora
imsettings-gsettings.x86_64                          1.8.2-1.fc32                           @fedora
imsettings-libs.x86_64                               1.8.2-1.fc32                           @fedora
imsettings-lxde.x86_64                               1.8.2-1.fc32                           @fedora
imsettings-qt.x86_64                                 1.8.2-1.fc32                           @fedora
imsettings-xfce.x86_64                               1.8.2-1.fc32                           @fedora
indent.x86_64                                        2.2.12-5.fc32                          @fedora
info.x86_64                                          6.7-6.fc32                             @anaconda
initial-setup.x86_64                                 0.3.80-2.fc32                          @fedora
initial-setup-gui.x86_64                             0.3.80-2.fc32                          @fedora
initscripts.x86_64                                   10.02-3.fc32                           @anaconda
inkscape.x86_64                                      1.0-2.fc32                             @updates
inkscape-psd.noarch                                  0.1.1-12.fc32                          @fedora
intel-gmmlib.x86_64                                  20.2.2-1.fc32                          @updates
intel-media-driver.x86_64                            20.1.1-1.fc32                          @rpmfusion-nonfree
intel-mediasdk.x86_64                                20.1.1-1.fc32                          @updates
ipcalc.x86_64                                        0.4.1-1.fc32                           @updates
iproute.x86_64                                       5.6.0-1.fc32                           @updates
iproute-tc.x86_64                                    5.6.0-1.fc32                           @updates
ipset.x86_64                                         7.6-1.fc32                             @anaconda
ipset-libs.x86_64                                    7.6-1.fc32                             @anaconda
iptables.x86_64                                      1.8.4-8.fc32                           @updates
iptables-libs.x86_64                                 1.8.4-8.fc32                           @updates
iptables-nft.x86_64                                  1.8.4-8.fc32                           @updates
iptstate.x86_64                                      2.2.6-10.fc32                          @anaconda
iputils.x86_64                                       20190515-7.fc32                        @updates
ipw2100-firmware.noarch                              1.3-26.fc32                            @anaconda
ipw2200-firmware.noarch                              3.1-19.fc32                            @anaconda
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                                20190125-4.git36a4c85f.fc32            @fedora
irqbalance.x86_64                                    2:1.4.0-5.fc32                         @anaconda
irrXML.x86_64                                        1.8.4-11.fc32                          @fedora
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                         6.2.1.0-2.git4440e57.fc32              @anaconda
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64                6.2.1.0-2.git4440e57.fc32              @anaconda
isl.x86_64                                           0.16.1-10.fc32                         @anaconda
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                               0.97-10.fc32                           @anaconda
iso-codes.noarch                                     4.4-2.fc32                             @anaconda
isomd5sum.x86_64                                     1:1.2.3-8.fc32                         @anaconda
iw.x86_64                                            5.4-2.fc32                             @anaconda
iwl100-firmware.noarch                               39.31.5.1-110.fc32                     @updates
iwl1000-firmware.noarch                              1:39.31.5.1-110.fc32                   @updates
iwl105-firmware.noarch                               18.168.6.1-110.fc32                    @updates
iwl135-firmware.noarch                               18.168.6.1-110.fc32                    @updates
iwl2000-firmware.noarch                              18.168.6.1-110.fc32                    @updates
iwl2030-firmware.noarch                              18.168.6.1-110.fc32                    @updates
iwl3160-firmware.noarch                              1:25.30.13.0-110.fc32                  @updates
iwl3945-firmware.noarch                              15.32.2.9-110.fc32                     @updates
iwl4965-firmware.noarch                              228.61.2.24-110.fc32                   @updates
iwl5000-firmware.noarch                              8.83.5.1_1-110.fc32                    @updates
iwl5150-firmware.noarch                              8.24.2.2-110.fc32                      @updates
iwl6000-firmware.noarch                              9.221.4.1-110.fc32                     @updates
iwl6000g2a-firmware.noarch                           18.168.6.1-110.fc32                    @updates
iwl6000g2b-firmware.noarch                           18.168.6.1-110.fc32                    @updates
iwl6050-firmware.noarch                              41.28.5.1-110.fc32                     @updates
iwl7260-firmware.noarch                              1:25.30.13.0-110.fc32                  @updates
jaaa.x86_64                                          0.8.4-8.fc32                           @fedora
jack-audio-connection-kit.x86_64                     1.9.14-2.fc32                          @fedora
jack-audio-connection-kit-dbus.x86_64                1.9.14-2.fc32                          @fedora
jack_capture.x86_64                                  0.9.73-7.fc32                          @fedora
jackctlmmc.x86_64                                    4-20.fc32                              @fedora
jacop.noarch                                         4.7-1.fc32                             @fedora
jamin.x86_64                                         0.97.16-21.20111031cvs.fc32            @fedora
jansi.noarch                                         1.18-3.fc32                            @fedora
jansi-native.x86_64                                  1.8-2.fc32                             @fedora
jansson.x86_64                                       2.12-5.fc32                            @anaconda
japa.x86_64                                          0.8.4-12.fc32                          @fedora
jasper-libs.x86_64                                   2.0.17-1.fc32                          @updates
java-1.8.0-openjdk.x86_64                            1:1.8.0.262.b10-1.fc32                 @updates
java-1.8.0-openjdk-headless.x86_64                   1:1.8.0.262.b10-1.fc32                 @updates
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                       5.3.0-9.fc32                           @fedora
javapackages-tools.noarch                            5.3.0-9.fc32                           @fedora
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                                 0.18-1.fc32                            @updates
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                  2.1-18.fc32                            @anaconda
jemalloc.x86_64                                      5.2.1-3.fc32                           @fedora
jfsutils.x86_64                                      1.1.15-17.fc32                         @anaconda
jitterentropy.x86_64                                 2.2.0-2.fc32                           @anaconda
jline.noarch                                         2.14.6-6.fc32                          @fedora
jmeters.x86_64                                       0.4.1-18.fc32                          @fedora
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                               0.003-28.fc32                          @anaconda
jose.x86_64                                          10-6.fc32                              @fedora
js-backbone.noarch                                   1.3.3-8.fc32                           @fedora
js-jquery.noarch                                     3.5.0-2.fc32                           @updates
js-marked.noarch                                     1.1.0-3.fc32                           @updates
js-underscore.noarch                                 1.9.1-5.fc32                           @fedora
json-c.x86_64                                        0.13.1-13.fc32                         @updates
json-glib.x86_64                                     1.4.4-4.fc32                           @anaconda
jsoncpp.x86_64                                       1.9.2-2.fc32                           @fedora
juk.x86_64                                           19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
julietaula-montserrat-fonts.noarch                   1:7.210-1.fc32                         @updates
jwhois.x86_64                                        4.0-62.fc32                            @anaconda
k3b.x86_64                                           1:19.08.3-3.fc32                       @anaconda
k3b-libs.x86_64                                      1:19.08.3-3.fc32                       @anaconda
kaccounts-integration.x86_64                         20.04.1-1.fc32                         @updates
kactivities-devel.x86_64                             4.13.3-30.fc32                         @fedora
kactivities-libs.x86_64                              4.13.3-30.fc32                         @fedora
kactivitymanagerd.x86_64                             5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
kaddressbook.x86_64                                  19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kaddressbook-libs.x86_64                             19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kamera.x86_64                                        19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kamoso.x86_64                                        18.03.80-5.fc32                        @anaconda
kate4-part.x86_64                                    4.14.3-26.fc32                         @fedora
kbd.x86_64                                           2.2.0-1.fc32                           @anaconda
kbd-legacy.noarch                                    2.2.0-1.fc32                           @anaconda
kbd-misc.noarch                                      2.2.0-1.fc32                           @anaconda
kcalc.x86_64                                         19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kcharselect.x86_64                                   19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kcm_systemd.x86_64                                   1.2.1-16.fc32                          @anaconda
kcolorchooser.x86_64                                 19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kde-apps-rpm-macros.noarch                           6:4.14.38-20.fc32                      @fedora
kde-cli-tools.x86_64                                 5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
kde-connect.x86_64                                   20.04.1-1.fc32                         @updates
kde-connect-libs.x86_64                              20.04.1-1.fc32                         @updates
kde-connect-nautilus.x86_64                          20.04.1-1.fc32                         @updates
kde-filesystem.x86_64                                4-63.fc32                              @anaconda
kde-gtk-config.x86_64                                5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
kde-l10n.noarch                                      17.08.3-8.fc32                         @anaconda
kde-l10n-fr.noarch                                   17.08.3-8.fc32                         @fedora
kde-partitionmanager.x86_64                          4.1.0-1.fc32                           @anaconda
kde-platform-plugin.x86_64                           1:4.11.22-27.fc32                      @fedora
kde-print-manager.x86_64                             19.12.3-2.fc32                         @updates
kde-print-manager-libs.x86_64                        19.12.3-2.fc32                         @updates
kde-settings.noarch                                  32.0-3.fc32                            @anaconda
kde-settings-plasma.noarch                           32.0-3.fc32                            @fedora
kde-settings-pulseaudio.noarch                       32.0-3.fc32                            @anaconda
kde-style-breeze.x86_64                              5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
kde-style-phase.x86_64                               15.08.3-10.fc32                        @fedora
kde-wallpapers.noarch                                15.08.3-11.fc32                        @fedora
kde-workspace-common.noarch                          1:4.11.22-27.fc32                      @fedora
kdeartwork-common.noarch                             15.08.3-10.fc32                        @fedora
kdeconnectd.x86_64                                   20.04.1-1.fc32                         @updates
kdecoration.x86_64                                   5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
kdegraphics-mobipocket.x86_64                        19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kdegraphics-thumbnailers.x86_64                      19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kdelibs.x86_64                                       6:4.14.38-20.fc32                      @fedora
kdelibs-common.x86_64                                6:4.14.38-20.fc32                      @fedora
kdelibs-devel.x86_64                                 6:4.14.38-20.fc32                      @fedora
kdelibs-ktexteditor.x86_64                           6:4.14.38-20.fc32                      @fedora
kdelibs-webkit.x86_64                                6:4.14.38-20.fc32                      @fedora
kdepim-addons.x86_64                                 19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kdepim-apps-libs.x86_64                              19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kdepim-runtime.x86_64                                1:19.12.2-1.fc32                       @anaconda
kdepim-runtime-libs.x86_64                           1:19.12.2-1.fc32                       @anaconda
kdeplasma-addons.x86_64                              5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
kdesu.x86_64                                         1:5.18.5-1.fc32                        @updates
kdf.x86_64                                           19.12.2-1.fc32                         @fedora
kdiagram.x86_64                                      2.7.0-1.fc32                           @updates
kdialog.x86_64                                       20.04.1-1.fc32                         @updates
kdm.x86_64                                           1:4.11.22-27.fc32                      @fedora
kdm-settings.noarch                                  1:4.11.22-27.fc32                      @fedora
kdm-themes.noarch                                    1:4.11.22-27.fc32                      @fedora
kdnssd.x86_64                                        20.04.1-1.fc32                         @updates
kdsoap.x86_64                                        1.9.0-6.fc32                           @updates
kdump-anaconda-addon.noarch                          005-8.20200220git80aab11.fc32          @anaconda
keditbookmarks.x86_64                                20.04.1-1.fc32                         @updates
keditbookmarks-libs.x86_64                           20.04.1-1.fc32                         @updates
kernel.x86_64                                        5.7.7-200.fc32                         @updates
kernel.x86_64                                        5.7.8-200.fc32                         @updates
kernel.x86_64                                        5.7.9-200.fc32                         @updates
kernel.x86_64                                        5.7.10-201.fc32                        @updates
kernel-core.x86_64                                   5.7.7-200.fc32                         @updates
kernel-core.x86_64                                   5.7.8-200.fc32                         @updates
kernel-core.x86_64                                   5.7.9-200.fc32                         @updates
kernel-core.x86_64                                   5.7.10-201.fc32                        @updates
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  5.7.7-200.fc32                         @updates
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  5.7.8-200.fc32                         @updates
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  5.7.9-200.fc32                         @updates
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  5.7.10-201.fc32                        @updates
kernel-headers.x86_64                                5.7.10-200.fc32                        @updates
kernel-modules.x86_64                                5.7.7-200.fc32                         @updates
kernel-modules.x86_64                                5.7.8-200.fc32                         @updates
kernel-modules.x86_64                                5.7.9-200.fc32                         @updates
kernel-modules.x86_64                                5.7.10-201.fc32                        @updates
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          5.7.7-200.fc32                         @updates
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          5.7.8-200.fc32                         @updates
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          5.7.9-200.fc32                         @updates
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          5.7.10-201.fc32                        @updates
kernel-tools.x86_64                                  5.7.7-200.fc32                         @updates
kernel-tools-libs.x86_64                             5.7.7-200.fc32                         @updates
kexec-tools.x86_64                                   2.0.20-11.fc32                         @anaconda
keybinder3.x86_64                                    0.3.2-9.fc32                           @updates
keyutils.x86_64                                      1.6-4.fc32                             @anaconda
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                 1.6-4.fc32                             @anaconda
kf5-akonadi-calendar.x86_64                          19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-akonadi-contacts.x86_64                          19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-akonadi-mime.x86_64                              19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-akonadi-notes.x86_64                             19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-akonadi-search.x86_64                            19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-akonadi-server.x86_64                            19.12.2-2.fc32                         @updates
kf5-akonadi-server-mysql.x86_64                      19.12.2-2.fc32                         @updates
kf5-attica.x86_64                                    5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-baloo.x86_64                                     5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-baloo-file.x86_64                                5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-baloo-libs.x86_64                                5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-bluez-qt.x86_64                                  5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-calendarsupport.x86_64                           19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-eventviews.x86_64                                19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-filesystem.x86_64                                5.70.0-2.fc32                          @updates
kf5-frameworkintegration.x86_64                      5.70.0-2.fc32                          @updates
kf5-frameworkintegration-libs.x86_64                 5.70.0-2.fc32                          @updates
kf5-grantleetheme.x86_64                             19.12.2-2.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-incidenceeditor.x86_64                           19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-kactivities.x86_64                               5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kactivities-stats.x86_64                         5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kalarmcal.x86_64                                 19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-karchive.x86_64                                  5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kauth.x86_64                                     5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kbookmarks.x86_64                                5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kcalendarcore.x86_64                             1:5.70.0-1.fc32                        @updates
kf5-kcalendarutils.x86_64                            19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-kcmutils.x86_64                                  5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kcodecs.x86_64                                   5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kcompletion.x86_64                               5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kconfig-core.x86_64                              5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kconfig-gui.x86_64                               5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kconfigwidgets.x86_64                            5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kcontacts.x86_64                                 1:5.70.0-1.fc32                        @updates
kf5-kcoreaddons.x86_64                               5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kcrash.x86_64                                    5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kdav.x86_64                                      19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-kdbusaddons.x86_64                               5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kdeclarative.x86_64                              5.70.0-2.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kded.x86_64                                      5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kdelibs4support.x86_64                           5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kdelibs4support-libs.x86_64                      5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kdesu.x86_64                                     5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kdewebkit.x86_64                                 5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kdnssd.x86_64                                    5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kdoctools.x86_64                                 5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kemoticons.x86_64                                5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kfilemetadata.x86_64                             5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kglobalaccel.x86_64                              5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kglobalaccel-libs.x86_64                         5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kguiaddons.x86_64                                5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kholidays.x86_64                                 1:5.70.0-1.fc32                        @updates
kf5-khtml.x86_64                                     5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-ki18n.x86_64                                     5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kiconthemes.x86_64                               5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kidentitymanagement.x86_64                       19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-kidletime.x86_64                                 5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kimageformats.x86_64                             5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kimap.x86_64                                     19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-kinit.x86_64                                     5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kio-core.x86_64                                  5.70.1-2.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kio-core-libs.x86_64                             5.70.1-2.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kio-doc.noarch                                   5.70.1-2.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kio-file-widgets.x86_64                          5.70.1-2.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kio-gui.x86_64                                   5.70.1-2.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kio-ntlm.x86_64                                  5.70.1-2.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kio-widgets.x86_64                               5.70.1-2.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kio-widgets-libs.x86_64                          5.70.1-2.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kipi-plugins.x86_64                              5.9.1-4.fc32                           @anaconda
kf5-kirigami2.x86_64                                 5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kitemmodels.x86_64                               5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kitemviews.x86_64                                5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kitinerary.x86_64                                19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-kjobwidgets.x86_64                               5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kjs.x86_64                                       5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kldap.x86_64                                     19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-kmailtransport.x86_64                            19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-kmailtransport-akonadi.x86_64                    19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-kmbox.x86_64                                     19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-kmime.x86_64                                     19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-knewstuff.x86_64                                 5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-knotifications.x86_64                            5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-knotifyconfig.x86_64                             5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kontactinterface.x86_64                          19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-kpackage.x86_64                                  5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kparts.x86_64                                    5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kpeople.x86_64                                   5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kpimtextedit.x86_64                              19.12.2-3.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-kpkpass.x86_64                                   19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-kpty.x86_64                                      5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kquickcharts.x86_64                              5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kross-core.x86_64                                5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-krunner.x86_64                                   5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kservice.x86_64                                  5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-ksmtp.x86_64                                     19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-ktexteditor.x86_64                               5.70.1-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-ktextwidgets.x86_64                              5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-ktnef.x86_64                                     19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-kunitconversion.x86_64                           5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kwallet.x86_64                                   5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kwallet-libs.x86_64                              5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kwayland.x86_64                                  5.70.0-2.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kwidgetsaddons.x86_64                            5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kwindowsystem.x86_64                             5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kxmlgui.x86_64                                   5.70.0-2.fc32                          @updates
kf5-kxmlrpcclient.x86_64                             5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-libgravatar.x86_64                               19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-libkcddb.x86_64                                  19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-libkcddb-doc.noarch                              19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-libkdcraw.x86_64                                 19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-libkdepim.x86_64                                 19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-libkdepim-akonadi.x86_64                         19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-libkexiv2.x86_64                                 19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-libkipi.x86_64                                   19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-libkleo.x86_64                                   19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-libksane.x86_64                                  19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-libksieve.x86_64                                 19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-libktorrent.x86_64                               2.2.0-1.fc32                           @updates
kf5-mailcommon.x86_64                                19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-mailimporter.x86_64                              19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-mailimporter-akonadi.x86_64                      19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-messagelib.x86_64                                19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-modemmanager-qt.x86_64                           5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-networkmanager-qt.x86_64                         5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-pimcommon.x86_64                                 19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-pimcommon-akonadi.x86_64                         19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kf5-plasma.x86_64                                    5.70.1-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-prison.x86_64                                    5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-purpose.x86_64                                   5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-solid.x86_64                                     5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-sonnet-core.x86_64                               5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-sonnet-ui.x86_64                                 5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-syndication.x86_64                               1:5.70.0-1.fc32                        @updates
kf5-syntax-highlighting.x86_64                       5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kf5-threadweaver.x86_64                              5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
kfind.x86_64                                         20.04.1-1.fc32                         @updates
kget.x86_64                                          20.04.1-1.fc32                         @updates
kget-libs.x86_64                                     20.04.1-1.fc32                         @updates
kgpg.x86_64                                          19.12.1-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kgreeter-plugins.x86_64                              1:4.11.22-27.fc32                      @fedora
khelpcenter.x86_64                                   1:20.04.1-1.fc32                       @updates
khmeros-base-fonts.noarch                            5.0-29.fc32                            @anaconda
khmeros-fonts-common.noarch                          5.0-29.fc32                            @anaconda
khotkeys.x86_64                                      5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
kinfocenter.x86_64                                   5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
kio-extras.x86_64                                    20.04.1-1.fc32                         @updates
kmag.x86_64                                          19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kmahjongg.x86_64                                     19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kmail.x86_64                                         19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kmail-account-wizard.x86_64                          19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kmail-libs.x86_64                                    19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kmenuedit.x86_64                                     5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
kmines.x86_64                                        19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kmod.x86_64                                          27-1.fc32                              @anaconda
kmod-libs.x86_64                                     27-1.fc32                              @anaconda
kmousetool.x86_64                                    19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kmouth.x86_64                                        19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
koji.noarch                                          1.21.1-1.fc32                          @updates
kolourpaint.x86_64                                   19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kolourpaint-libs.x86_64                              19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
konsole5.x86_64                                      20.04.1-1.fc32                         @updates
konsole5-part.x86_64                                 20.04.1-1.fc32                         @updates
kontact.x86_64                                       19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kontact-libs.x86_64                                  19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
konversation.x86_64                                  1.7.5-7.fc32                           @anaconda
korganizer.x86_64                                    19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
korganizer-libs.x86_64                               19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kpartx.x86_64                                        0.8.2-4.fc32                           @updates
kpat.x86_64                                          19.12.1-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kpmcore.x86_64                                       4.1.0-1.fc32                           @anaconda
krb5-libs.x86_64                                     1.18.2-10.fc32                         @updates
krb5-workstation.x86_64                              1.18.2-10.fc32                         @updates
krdc.x86_64                                          20.04.1-1.fc32                         @updates
krdc-libs.x86_64                                     20.04.1-1.fc32                         @updates
krfb.x86_64                                          20.04.1-1.fc32                         @updates
krfb-libs.x86_64                                     20.04.1-1.fc32                         @updates
krita.x86_64                                         4.3.0-1.fc32                           @updates
krita-libs.x86_64                                    4.3.0-1.fc32                           @updates
kruler.x86_64                                        19.12.1-1.fc32                         @anaconda
krusader.x86_64                                      2.7.2-2.fc32                           @anaconda
kscreen.x86_64                                       1:5.18.5-1.fc32                        @updates
kscreenlocker.x86_64                                 5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
ksshaskpass.x86_64                                   5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
ksysguard.x86_64                                     5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
ksysguardd.x86_64                                    5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
kwalletmanager5.x86_64                               19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
kwayland-integration.x86_64                          5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
kwebkitpart.x86_64                                   1.4.0-0.6.20190110.fc32                @anaconda
kwin.x86_64                                          5.18.5-2.fc32                          @updates
kwin-common.x86_64                                   5.18.5-2.fc32                          @updates
kwin-libs.x86_64                                     5.18.5-2.fc32                          @updates
kwin-wayland.x86_64                                  5.18.5-2.fc32                          @updates
kwrite.x86_64                                        20.04.1-1.fc32                         @updates
kwrited.x86_64                                       5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
kyotocabinet-libs.x86_64                             1.2.77-3.fc32                          @fedora
ladspa.x86_64                                        1.13-24.fc32                           @fedora
ladspa-amb-plugins.x86_64                            0.8.1-5.fc32                           @fedora
ladspa-autotalent-plugins.x86_64                     0.2-21.fc32                            @fedora
ladspa-blop-plugins.x86_64                           0.2.8-27.fc32                          @fedora
ladspa-cmt-plugins.x86_64                            1.16-21.fc32                           @fedora
ladspa-fil-plugins.x86_64                            0.3.0-22.fc32                          @fedora
ladspa-mcp-plugins.x86_64                            1:0.4.0-23.fc32                        @fedora
ladspa-rev-plugins.x86_64                            0.3.1-26.fc32                          @fedora
ladspa-swh-plugins.x86_64                            0.4.17-6.fc32                          @fedora
ladspa-tap-plugins.x86_64                            0.7.0-25.fc32                          @fedora
ladspa-vco-plugins.x86_64                            0.3.0-28.fc32                          @fedora
lame.x86_64                                          3.100-8.fc32                           @fedora
lame-libs.x86_64                                     3.100-8.fc32                           @anaconda
langpacks-core-en.noarch                             3.0-3.fc32                             @anaconda
langpacks-core-font-en.noarch                        3.0-3.fc32                             @anaconda
langpacks-core-font-fr.noarch                        3.0-3.fc32                             @fedora
langpacks-core-fr.noarch                             3.0-3.fc32                             @fedora
langpacks-en.noarch                                  3.0-3.fc32                             @anaconda
langpacks-fr.noarch                                  3.0-3.fc32                             @fedora
langtable.noarch                                     0.0.51-2.fc32                          @anaconda
lapack.x86_64                                        3.9.0-3.fc32                           @fedora
lash.x86_64                                          0.5.4-41.fc32                          @fedora
lash-libs.x86_64                                     0.5.4-41.fc32                          @fedora
lasi.x86_64                                          1.1.3-2.fc32                           @fedora
lato-fonts.noarch                                    2.015-9.fc32                           @fedora
lcms2.x86_64                                         2.9-7.fc32                             @anaconda
ldc.x86_64                                           1:1.20.1-1.fc32                        @fedora
ldc-druntime.x86_64                                  1:1.20.1-1.fc32                        @fedora
ldc-druntime-devel.x86_64                            1:1.20.1-1.fc32                        @fedora
ldc-jit.x86_64                                       1:1.20.1-1.fc32                        @fedora
ldc-jit-devel.x86_64                                 1:1.20.1-1.fc32                        @fedora
ldc-phobos.x86_64                                    1:1.20.1-1.fc32                        @fedora
ldc-phobos-devel.x86_64                              1:1.20.1-1.fc32                        @fedora
ldns.x86_64                                          1.7.0-29.fc32                          @anaconda
lensfun.x86_64                                       0.3.2-24.fc32                          @fedora
leonidas-backgrounds-kdm.noarch                      11.0.0-18.fc32                         @fedora
leptonica.x86_64                                     1.79.0-2.fc32                          @fedora
less.x86_64                                          551-3.fc32                             @anaconda
libEMF.x86_64                                        1.0.13-1.fc32                          @updates
libGLEW.x86_64                                       2.1.0-6.fc32                           @fedora
libICE.x86_64                                        1.0.10-3.fc32                          @anaconda
libICE-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.10-3.fc32                          @fedora
libIDL.x86_64                                        0.8.14-21.fc32                         @fedora
libSM.x86_64                                         1.2.3-5.fc32                           @anaconda
libSM-devel.x86_64                                   1.2.3-5.fc32                           @fedora
libX11.x86_64                                        1.6.9-3.fc32                           @anaconda
libX11-common.noarch                                 1.6.9-3.fc32                           @anaconda
libX11-devel.x86_64                                  1.6.9-3.fc32                           @fedora
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                    1.6.9-3.fc32                           @anaconda
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                                 1.2.3-5.fc32                           @anaconda
libXScrnSaver-devel.x86_64                           1.2.3-5.fc32                           @fedora
libXau.x86_64                                        1.0.9-3.fc32                           @anaconda
libXau-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.9-3.fc32                           @fedora
libXaw.x86_64                                        1.0.13-14.fc32                         @anaconda
libXcomposite.x86_64                                 0.4.5-2.fc32                           @anaconda
libXcomposite-devel.x86_64                           0.4.5-2.fc32                           @fedora
libXcursor.x86_64                                    1.2.0-2.fc32                           @anaconda
libXcursor-devel.x86_64                              1.2.0-2.fc32                           @fedora
libXdamage.x86_64                                    1.1.5-2.fc32                           @anaconda
libXdamage-devel.x86_64                              1.1.5-2.fc32                           @fedora
libXdmcp.x86_64                                      1.1.3-3.fc32                           @anaconda
libXext.x86_64                                       1.3.4-3.fc32                           @anaconda
libXext-devel.x86_64                                 1.3.4-3.fc32                           @fedora
libXfixes.x86_64                                     5.0.3-11.fc32                          @anaconda
libXfixes-devel.x86_64                               5.0.3-11.fc32                          @fedora
libXfont2.x86_64                                     2.0.3-7.fc32                           @anaconda
libXft.x86_64                                        2.3.3-3.fc32                           @anaconda
libXft-devel.x86_64                                  2.3.3-3.fc32                           @fedora
libXi.x86_64                                         1.7.10-3.fc32                          @anaconda
libXi-devel.x86_64                                   1.7.10-3.fc32                          @fedora
libXinerama.x86_64                                   1.1.4-5.fc32                           @anaconda
libXinerama-devel.x86_64                             1.1.4-5.fc32                           @fedora
libXmu.x86_64                                        1.1.3-3.fc32                           @anaconda
libXmu-devel.x86_64                                  1.1.3-3.fc32                           @fedora
libXpm.x86_64                                        3.5.13-2.fc32                          @anaconda
libXpm-devel.x86_64                                  3.5.13-2.fc32                          @fedora
libXrandr.x86_64                                     1.5.2-3.fc32                           @anaconda
libXrandr-devel.x86_64                               1.5.2-3.fc32                           @fedora
libXrender.x86_64                                    0.9.10-11.fc32                         @anaconda
libXrender-devel.x86_64                              0.9.10-11.fc32                         @fedora
libXres.x86_64                                       1.2.0-8.fc32                           @anaconda
libXt.x86_64                                         1.2.0-1.fc32                           @anaconda
libXt-devel.x86_64                                   1.2.0-1.fc32                           @fedora
libXtst.x86_64                                       1.2.3-11.fc32                          @anaconda
libXtst-devel.x86_64                                 1.2.3-11.fc32                          @fedora
libXv.x86_64                                         1.0.11-11.fc32                         @anaconda
libXv-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.11-11.fc32                         @fedora
libXvMC.x86_64                                       1.0.12-2.fc32                          @anaconda
libXxf86dga.x86_64                                   1.1.5-3.fc32                           @anaconda
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                    1.1.4-13.fc32                          @anaconda
liba52.x86_64                                        0.7.4-37.fc32                          @fedora
libaccounts-glib.x86_64                              1.25-1.fc32                            @updates
libaccounts-qt5.x86_64                               1.16-1.fc32                            @anaconda
libacl.x86_64                                        2.2.53-5.fc32                          @anaconda
libaec.x86_64                                        1.0.4-3.fc32                           @fedora
libaio.x86_64                                        0.3.111-7.fc32                         @anaconda
libao.x86_64                                         1.2.0-17.fc32                          @anaconda
libaom.x86_64                                        1.0.0-9.20190810git9666276.fc32        @fedora
libappindicator.x86_64                               12.10.0-28.fc32                        @updates
libappindicator-gtk3.x86_64                          12.10.0-28.fc32                        @updates
libappstream-glib.x86_64                             0.7.17-1.fc32                          @anaconda
libarchive.x86_64                                    3.4.3-1.fc32                           @updates
libargon2.x86_64                                     20171227-4.fc32                        @anaconda
libart_lgpl.x86_64                                   2.3.21-23.fc32                         @fedora
libass.x86_64                                        0.14.0-5.fc32                          @fedora
libassuan.x86_64                                     2.5.3-3.fc32                           @anaconda
libasyncns.x86_64                                    0.8-18.fc32                            @anaconda
libatasmart.x86_64                                   0.19-18.fc32                           @anaconda
libattr.x86_64                                       2.4.48-8.fc32                          @anaconda
libavc1394.x86_64                                    0.5.4-12.fc32                          @anaconda
libavdevice.x86_64                                   4.2.4-1.fc32                           @rpmfusion-free-updates
libbabeltrace.x86_64                                 1.5.7-6.fc32                           @anaconda
libbasicobjects.x86_64                               0.1.1-44.fc32                          @anaconda
libblkid.x86_64                                      2.35.2-1.fc32                          @updates
libblkid-devel.x86_64                                2.35.2-1.fc32                          @updates
libblockdev.x86_64                                   2.24-1.fc32                            @updates
libblockdev-btrfs.x86_64                             2.24-1.fc32                            @updates
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                            2.24-1.fc32                            @updates
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                                2.24-1.fc32                            @updates
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                                2.24-1.fc32                            @updates
libblockdev-kbd.x86_64                               2.24-1.fc32                            @updates
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                              2.24-1.fc32                            @updates
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                               2.24-1.fc32                            @updates
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                            2.24-1.fc32                            @updates
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                             2.24-1.fc32                            @updates
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                            2.24-1.fc32                            @updates
libblockdev-part.x86_64                              2.24-1.fc32                            @updates
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                       2.24-1.fc32                            @updates
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                              2.24-1.fc32                            @updates
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                             2.24-1.fc32                            @updates
libblockdev-vdo.x86_64                               2.24-1.fc32                            @updates
libbluray.x86_64                                     1.1.2-3.fc32                           @fedora
libbonobo.x86_64                                     2.32.1-18.fc32                         @fedora
libbonoboui.x86_64                                   2.24.5-18.fc32                         @fedora
libbrotli.x86_64                                     1.0.7-10.fc32                          @anaconda
libbs2b.x86_64                                       3.1.0-24.fc32                          @fedora
libbsd.x86_64                                        0.10.0-2.fc32                          @anaconda
libburn.x86_64                                       1.5.2-2.fc32                           @anaconda
libbytesize.x86_64                                   2.3-1.fc32                             @updates
libcacard.x86_64                                     3:2.7.0-4.fc32                         @fedora
libcanberra.x86_64                                   0.30-22.fc32                           @anaconda
libcanberra-gtk2.x86_64                              0.30-22.fc32                           @fedora
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                              0.30-22.fc32                           @fedora
libcangjie.x86_64                                    1.3-13.fc32                            @fedora
libcangjie-data.noarch                               1.3-13.fc32                            @fedora
libcap.x86_64                                        2.26-7.fc32                            @anaconda
libcap-ng.x86_64                                     0.7.10-2.fc32                          @anaconda
libcbor.x86_64                                       0.5.0-7.fc32                           @anaconda
libcdio.x86_64                                       2.0.0-6.fc32                           @fedora
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                              10.2+2.0.0-4.fc32                      @fedora
libcdr.x86_64                                        0.1.6-1.fc32                           @fedora
libchamplain.x86_64                                  0.12.20-2.fc32                         @fedora
libchamplain-gtk.x86_64                              0.12.20-2.fc32                         @fedora
libchromaprint.x86_64                                1.4.2-7.fc32                           @fedora
libcloudproviders.x86_64                             0.3.1-1.fc32                           @updates
libcmis.x86_64                                       0.5.2-4.fc32                           @fedora
libcollection.x86_64                                 0.7.0-44.fc32                          @anaconda
libcom_err.x86_64                                    1.45.5-3.fc32                          @anaconda
libcomps.x86_64                                      0.1.15-1.fc32                          @updates
libconfig.x86_64                                     1.7.2-5.fc32                           @anaconda
libconfig-devel.x86_64                               1.7.2-5.fc32                           @fedora
libconfuse.x86_64                                    3.3-1.fc32                             @updates
libcroco.x86_64                                      0.6.13-3.fc32                          @anaconda
libcue.x86_64                                        2.2.1-3.fc32                           @fedora
libcurl.x86_64                                       7.69.1-4.fc32                          @updates
libdaemon.x86_64                                     0.14-19.fc32                           @anaconda
libdap.x86_64                                        3.20.5-1.fc32                          @fedora
libdatrie.x86_64                                     0.2.9-11.fc32                          @anaconda
libdatrie-devel.x86_64                               0.2.9-11.fc32                          @fedora
libdav1d.x86_64                                      0.7.1-1.fc32                           @updates
libdazzle.x86_64                                     3.36.0-1.fc32                          @fedora
libdb.x86_64                                         5.3.28-40.fc32                         @anaconda
libdb-utils.x86_64                                   5.3.28-40.fc32                         @anaconda
libdbi.x86_64                                        0.9.0-15.fc32                          @fedora
libdbusmenu.x86_64                                   16.04.0-15.fc32                        @fedora
libdbusmenu-gtk2.x86_64                              16.04.0-15.fc32                        @fedora
libdbusmenu-gtk3.x86_64                              16.04.0-15.fc32                        @fedora
libdc1394.x86_64                                     2.2.2-14.fc32                          @fedora
libdca.x86_64                                        0.0.7-1.fc32                           @rpmfusion-free
libde265.x86_64                                      1.0.5-4.fc32                           @rpmfusion-free
libdhash.x86_64                                      0.5.0-44.fc32                          @anaconda
libdmapsharing.x86_64                                2.9.41-2.fc32                          @updates
libdmtx.x86_64                                       0.7.5-5.fc32                           @anaconda
libdmx.x86_64                                        1.1.4-7.fc32                           @anaconda
libdnf.x86_64                                        0.48.0-1.fc32                          @updates
libdrm.x86_64                                        2.4.102-1.fc32                         @updates
libdrm-devel.x86_64                                  2.4.102-1.fc32                         @updates
libdv.x86_64                                         1.0.0-31.fc32                          @anaconda
libdvdnav.x86_64                                     6.0.1-3.fc32                           @anaconda
libdvdread.x86_64                                    6.0.2-3.fc32                           @anaconda
libebur128.x86_64                                    1.2.4-3.fc32                           @fedora
libedit.x86_64                                       3.1-32.20191231cvs.fc32                @anaconda
libeot.x86_64                                        0.01-13.fc32                           @fedora
libepoxy.x86_64                                      1.5.4-2.fc32                           @anaconda
libepoxy-devel.x86_64                                1.5.4-2.fc32                           @fedora
liberation-fonts.noarch                              1:2.1.0-1.fc32                         @fedora
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                       1:2.1.0-1.fc32                         @anaconda
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.0-1.fc32                         @anaconda
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.0-1.fc32                         @anaconda
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                        1:2.1.0-1.fc32                         @anaconda
libertas-usb8388-firmware.noarch                     2:20200721-110.fc32                    @updates
libesmtp.x86_64                                      1.0.6-19.fc32                          @fedora
libestr.x86_64                                       0.1.9-14.fc32                          @anaconda
libetonyek.x86_64                                    0.1.9-6.fc32                           @anaconda
libev.x86_64                                         4.31-2.fc32                            @anaconda
libevdev.x86_64                                      1.9.0-1.fc32                           @anaconda
libevent.x86_64                                      2.1.8-8.fc32                           @anaconda
libexif.x86_64                                       0.6.22-1.fc32                          @updates
libexttextcat.x86_64                                 3.4.5-6.fc32                           @fedora
libfakekey.x86_64                                    0.1-24.fc32                            @anaconda
libfastjson.x86_64                                   0.99.8-6.fc32                          @anaconda
libfdisk.x86_64                                      2.35.2-1.fc32                          @updates
libfdt.x86_64                                        1.6.0-1.fc32                           @fedora
libffado.x86_64                                      2.4.3-2.fc32                           @updates
libffi.x86_64                                        3.1-24.fc32                            @anaconda
libffi-devel.x86_64                                  3.1-24.fc32                            @fedora
libfido2.x86_64                                      1.3.1-2.fc32                           @updates
libfontenc.x86_64                                    1.1.3-12.fc32                          @anaconda
libfprint.x86_64                                     1.90.2-1.fc32                          @updates
libfreecell-solver.x86_64                            5.16.0-2.fc32                          @anaconda
libfreehand.x86_64                                   0.1.2-6.fc32                           @fedora
libftdi.x86_64                                       1.4-2.fc32                             @anaconda
libgcab1.x86_64                                      1.4-2.fc32                             @anaconda
libgcc.x86_64                                        10.1.1-1.fc32                          @updates
libgcrypt.x86_64                                     1.8.5-3.fc32                           @anaconda
libgdata.x86_64                                      0.17.12-1.fc32                         @fedora
libgdiplus.x86_64                                    6.0.4-2.fc32                           @fedora
libgdither.x86_64                                    0.6-22.fc32                            @fedora
libgdl.x86_64                                        1:3.34.0-2.fc32                        @fedora
libgee.x86_64                                        0.20.3-1.fc32                          @fedora
libgeotiff.x86_64                                    1.6.0-1.fc32                           @updates
libgexiv2.x86_64                                     0.12.1-1.fc32                          @updates
libgfortran.x86_64                                   10.1.1-1.fc32                          @updates
libgit2.x86_64                                       1.0.1-2.fc32                           @updates
libgit2-glib.x86_64                                  0.99.0.1-3.fc32                        @updates
libglade2.x86_64                                     2.6.4-23.fc32                          @fedora
libglvnd.x86_64                                      1:1.3.1-1.fc32                         @anaconda
libglvnd-core-devel.x86_64                           1:1.3.1-1.fc32                         @fedora
libglvnd-devel.x86_64                                1:1.3.1-1.fc32                         @fedora
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                  1:1.3.1-1.fc32                         @anaconda
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                                 1:1.3.1-1.fc32                         @anaconda
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                  1:1.3.1-1.fc32                         @anaconda
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                               1:1.3.1-1.fc32                         @fedora
libgnome.x86_64                                      2.32.1-20.fc32                         @fedora
libgnome-keyring.x86_64                              3.12.0-19.fc32                         @fedora
libgnomecanvas.x86_64                                2.30.3-19.fc32                         @fedora
libgnomekbd.x86_64                                   3.26.1-3.fc32                          @anaconda
libgnomeui.x86_64                                    2.24.5-21.fc32                         @fedora
libgomp.x86_64                                       10.1.1-1.fc32                          @updates
libgpg-error.x86_64                                  1.36-3.fc32                            @anaconda
libgphoto2.x86_64                                    2.5.24-2.fc32                          @updates
libgpuarray.x86_64                                   0.7.6-7.fc32                           @fedora
libgrss.x86_64                                       0.7.0-10.fc32                          @fedora
libgs.x86_64                                         9.52-7.fc32                            @updates
libgsf.x86_64                                        1.14.47-1.fc32                         @fedora
libgta.x86_64                                        1.0.9-4.fc32                           @fedora
libgtop2.x86_64                                      2.40.0-3.fc32                          @fedora
libgudev.x86_64                                      232-7.fc32                             @anaconda
libguess.x86_64                                      1.2-11.fc32                            @fedora
libguestfs.x86_64                                    1:1.42.0-6.fc32                        @updates
libgusb.x86_64                                       0.3.4-1.fc32                           @anaconda
libgweather.x86_64                                   3.36.1-1.fc32                          @updates
libgxps.x86_64                                       0.3.1-5.fc32                           @fedora
libgxw.x86_64                                        0.40.0-3.fc32                          @updates
libgxwmm.x86_64                                      0.40.0-3.fc32                          @updates
libhandy.x86_64                                      0.0.13-4.fc32                          @updates
libhangul.x86_64                                     0.1.0-21.fc32                          @fedora
libibumad.x86_64                                     30.0-1.fc32                            @updates
libibverbs.x86_64                                    30.0-1.fc32                            @updates
libical.x86_64                                       3.0.8-1.fc32                           @anaconda
libical-glib.x86_64                                  3.0.8-1.fc32                           @fedora
libicu.x86_64                                        65.1-2.fc32                            @anaconda
libicu-devel.x86_64                                  65.1-2.fc32                            @fedora
libid3tag.x86_64                                     0.15.1b-32.fc32                        @fedora
libidn.x86_64                                        1.35-7.fc32                            @anaconda
libidn2.x86_64                                       2.3.0-2.fc32                           @anaconda
libiec61883.x86_64                                   1.2.0-23.fc32                          @anaconda
libieee1284.x86_64                                   0.2.11-32.fc32                         @fedora
libijs.x86_64                                        0.35-11.fc32                           @anaconda
libimagequant.x86_64                                 2.12.6-2.fc32                          @anaconda
libimobiledevice.x86_64                              1.2.1-0.3.fc32                         @anaconda
libindicator.x86_64                                  12.10.1-17.fc32                        @fedora
libindicator-gtk3.x86_64                             12.10.1-17.fc32                        @fedora
libini_config.x86_64                                 1.3.1-44.fc32                          @anaconda
libinput.x86_64                                      1.15.901-1.fc32                        @updates
libinstpatch.x86_64                                  1.0.0-19.20110806svn386.fc32           @fedora
libipa_hbac.x86_64                                   2.3.0-1.fc32                           @updates
libipt.x86_64                                        2.0.1-2.fc32                           @anaconda
libiptcdata.x86_64                                   1.0.5-4.fc32                           @fedora
libiscsi.x86_64                                      1.18.0-9.fc32                          @fedora
libisoburn.x86_64                                    1.5.2-2.fc32                           @fedora
libisofs.x86_64                                      1.5.2-2.fc32                           @fedora
libjcat.x86_64                                       0.1.2-2.fc32                           @updates
libjose.x86_64                                       10-6.fc32                              @fedora
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                 2.0.4-3.fc32                           @updates
libkadm5.x86_64                                      1.18.2-10.fc32                         @updates
libkate.x86_64                                       0.4.1-19.fc32                          @fedora
libkcapi.x86_64                                      1.1.5-2.fc32                           @anaconda
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                             1.1.5-2.fc32                           @anaconda
libkdegames.x86_64                                   19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
libkgapi.x86_64                                      19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
libkkc.x86_64                                        0.3.5-17.fc32                          @fedora
libkkc-common.noarch                                 0.3.5-17.fc32                          @fedora
libkkc-data.x86_64                                   1:0.2.7-16.fc32                        @fedora
libkmahjongg.x86_64                                  19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
libkmahjongg-data.noarch                             19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
libkml.x86_64                                        1.3.0-25.fc32                          @fedora
libkolabxml.x86_64                                   1.1.6-14.fc32                          @anaconda
libksba.x86_64                                       1.3.5-11.fc32                          @anaconda
libkscreen-qt5.x86_64                                5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
libksysguard.x86_64                                  5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
libksysguard-common.x86_64                           5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
libkworkspace.x86_64                                 1:4.11.22-27.fc32                      @fedora
libkworkspace5.x86_64                                5.18.5-2.fc32                          @updates
liblangtag.x86_64                                    0.6.3-2.fc32                           @anaconda
liblangtag-data.noarch                               0.6.3-2.fc32                           @anaconda
libldb.x86_64                                        2.1.4-1.fc32                           @updates
libldm.x86_64                                        0.2.4-6.fc32                           @fedora
liblo.x86_64                                         0.29-4.fc32                            @fedora
liblockfile.x86_64                                   1.14-5.fc32                            @fedora
liblouis.x86_64                                      3.12.0-2.fc32                          @fedora
liblqr-1.x86_64                                      0.4.2-14.fc32                          @fedora
liblrdf.x86_64                                       0.5.0-19.fc32                          @fedora
libltc.x86_64                                        1.3.1-2.fc32                           @fedora
libluksmeta.x86_64                                   9-7.fc32                               @fedora
liblxqt.x86_64                                       0.14.1-6.fc32                          @fedora
libmad.x86_64                                        0.15.1b-29.fc32                        @anaconda
libmarkdown.x86_64                                   2.2.4-4.fc32                           @anaconda
libmateweather.x86_64                                1.24.0-2.fc32                          @updates
libmateweather-data.noarch                           1.24.0-2.fc32                          @updates
libmaxminddb.x86_64                                  1.4.2-1.fc32                           @updates
libmbim.x86_64                                       1.22.0-1.fc32                          @anaconda
libmbim-utils.x86_64                                 1.22.0-1.fc32                          @anaconda
libmcpp.x86_64                                       2.7.2-25.fc32                          @anaconda
libmediaart.x86_64                                   1.9.4-9.fc32                           @fedora
libmetalink.x86_64                                   0.1.3-10.fc32                          @anaconda
libmikmod.x86_64                                     3.3.11.1-8.fc32                        @fedora
libmms.x86_64                                        0.6.4-13.fc32                          @rpmfusion-free
libmng.x86_64                                        2.0.3-11.fc32                          @anaconda
libmnl.x86_64                                        1.0.4-11.fc32                          @anaconda
libmodman.x86_64                                     2.0.1-21.fc32                          @anaconda
libmodplug.x86_64                                    1:0.8.9.0-10.fc32                      @fedora
libmodulemd.x86_64                                   2.9.3-1.fc32                           @updates
libmount.x86_64                                      2.35.2-1.fc32                          @updates
libmount-devel.x86_64                                2.35.2-1.fc32                          @updates
libmpc.x86_64                                        1.1.0-8.fc32                           @anaconda
libmpcdec.x86_64                                     1.2.6-25.fc32                          @anaconda
libmpeg2.x86_64                                      0.5.1-20.fc32                          @fedora
libmspack.x86_64                                     0.10.1-0.3.alpha.fc32                  @anaconda
libmspub.x86_64                                      0.1.4-11.fc32                          @fedora
libmtp.x86_64                                        1.1.16-4.fc32                          @anaconda
libmusicbrainz5.x86_64                               5.1.0-14.fc32                          @anaconda
libmypaint.x86_64                                    1.6.1-1.fc32                           @updates
libnauty.x86_64                                      2.7.1-1.fc32                           @updates
libndp.x86_64                                        1.7-5.fc32                             @anaconda
libnet.x86_64                                        1.1.6-19.fc32                          @fedora
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                        1.0.7-4.fc32                           @anaconda
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                  1.0.1-17.fc32                          @anaconda
libnfs.x86_64                                        4.0.0-2.fc32                           @fedora
libnfsidmap.x86_64                                   1:2.5.1-0.fc32                         @updates
libnftnl.x86_64                                      1.1.5-2.fc32                           @anaconda
libnghttp2.x86_64                                    1.41.0-1.fc32                          @updates
libnice.x86_64                                       0.1.17-2.fc32                          @updates
libnl3.x86_64                                        3.5.0-2.fc32                           @anaconda
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                    3.5.0-2.fc32                           @anaconda
libnma.x86_64                                        1.8.30-1.fc32                          @updates
libnotify.x86_64                                     0.7.9-1.fc32                           @anaconda
libnsl2.x86_64                                       1.2.0-6.20180605git4a062cf.fc32        @anaconda
liboauth.x86_64                                      1.0.3-14.fc32                          @fedora
libobjc.x86_64                                       10.1.1-1.fc32                          @updates
libodfgen.x86_64                                     0.1.7-6.fc32                           @anaconda
libofa.x86_64                                        0.9.3-37.fc32                          @fedora
libogg.x86_64                                        2:1.3.4-2.fc32                         @anaconda
libomp.x86_64                                        10.0.0-1.fc32                          @fedora
libomp-devel.x86_64                                  10.0.0-1.fc32                          @fedora
libopusenc.x86_64                                    0.2.1-4.fc32                           @fedora
liborcus.x86_64                                      0.15.3-2.fc32                          @fedora
libosinfo.x86_64                                     1.7.1-3.fc32                           @fedora
libpagemaker.x86_64                                  0.0.4-8.fc32                           @fedora
libpano13.x86_64                                     2.9.19-11.fc32                         @fedora
libpaper.x86_64                                      1.1.24-26.fc32                         @anaconda
libpasswdqc.x86_64                                   1.4.0-1.fc32                           @updates
libpath_utils.x86_64                                 0.2.1-44.fc32                          @anaconda
libpcap.x86_64                                       14:1.9.1-3.fc32                        @anaconda
libpciaccess.x86_64                                  0.16-2.fc32                            @anaconda
libpciaccess-devel.x86_64                            0.16-2.fc32                            @fedora
libpeas.x86_64                                       1.26.0-1.fc32                          @fedora
libpeas-gtk.x86_64                                   1.26.0-1.fc32                          @fedora
libpeas-loader-python3.x86_64                        1.26.0-1.fc32                          @fedora
libphodav.x86_64                                     2.3-3.fc32                             @fedora
libpinyin.x86_64                                     2.3.0-3.fc32                           @fedora
libpinyin-data.x86_64                                2.3.0-3.fc32                           @fedora
libpipeline.x86_64                                   1.5.2-2.fc32                           @anaconda
libpkgconf.x86_64                                    1.6.3-3.fc32                           @anaconda
libplist.x86_64                                      2.1.0-3.fc32                           @anaconda
libpmem.x86_64                                       1.8-2.fc32                             @fedora
libpng.x86_64                                        2:1.6.37-3.fc32                        @anaconda
libpng-devel.x86_64                                  2:1.6.37-3.fc32                        @fedora
libpq.x86_64                                         12.3-1.fc32                            @updates
libproxy.x86_64                                      0.4.15-17.fc32                         @anaconda
libproxy-mozjs.x86_64                                0.4.15-17.fc32                         @fedora
libpskc.x86_64                                       2.6.2-4.fc32                           @anaconda
libpsl.x86_64                                        0.21.0-4.fc32                          @anaconda
libpwquality.x86_64                                  1.4.2-2.fc32                           @anaconda
libqalculate.x86_64                                  3.6.0-2.fc32                           @anaconda
libqb.x86_64                                         1.0.5-6.fc32                           @updates
libqhull.x86_64                                      1:7.2.1-3.fc32                         @fedora
libqmi.x86_64                                        1.24.8-1.fc32                          @anaconda
libqmi-utils.x86_64                                  1.24.8-1.fc32                          @anaconda
libqrcodegencpp.x86_64                               1.5.0-2.20191014git67c6246.fc32        @fedora
libqtxdg.x86_64                                      3.3.1-9.fc32                           @updates
libquadmath.x86_64                                   10.1.1-1.fc32                          @updates
libquadmath-devel.x86_64                             10.1.1-1.fc32                          @updates
libquvi.x86_64                                       0.9.4-16.fc32                          @fedora
libquvi-scripts.noarch                               0.9.20131130-13.fc32                   @fedora
libqxp.x86_64                                        0.0.2-6.fc32                           @fedora
librados2.x86_64                                     2:14.2.10-1.fc32                       @updates
libraqm.x86_64                                       0.7.0-5.fc32                           @anaconda
libraw1394.x86_64                                    2.1.2-11.fc32                          @anaconda
librbd1.x86_64                                       2:14.2.10-1.fc32                       @updates
librcc.x86_64                                        0.2.12-16.fc32                         @fedora
librcc-gtk+.x86_64                                   0.2.12-16.fc32                         @fedora
librcd.x86_64                                        0.1.14-15.fc32                         @fedora
librdmacm.x86_64                                     30.0-1.fc32                            @updates
libref_array.x86_64                                  0.1.5-44.fc32                          @anaconda
libreoffice-core.x86_64                              1:6.4.5.2-2.fc32                       @updates
libreoffice-data.noarch                              1:6.4.5.2-2.fc32                       @updates
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                              1:6.4.5.2-2.fc32                       @updates
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                           1:6.4.5.2-2.fc32                       @updates
libreoffice-help-fr.x86_64                           1:6.4.5.2-2.fc32                       @updates
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                       1:6.4.5.2-2.fc32                       @updates
libreoffice-langpack-fr.x86_64                       1:6.4.5.2-2.fc32                       @updates
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch                  1:6.4.5.2-2.fc32                       @updates
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                               1:6.4.5.2-2.fc32                       @updates
libreoffice-ure-common.noarch                        1:6.4.5.2-2.fc32                       @updates
libreoffice-x11.x86_64                               1:6.4.5.2-2.fc32                       @updates
librepo.x86_64                                       1.12.0-1.fc32                          @updates
libreport.x86_64                                     2.13.1-4.fc32                          @updates
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                            2.13.1-4.fc32                          @updates
libreport-cli.x86_64                                 2.13.1-4.fc32                          @updates
libreport-fedora.x86_64                              2.13.1-4.fc32                          @updates
libreport-filesystem.noarch                          2.13.1-4.fc32                          @updates
libreport-gtk.x86_64                                 2.13.1-4.fc32                          @updates
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                     2.13.1-4.fc32                          @updates
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                   2.13.1-4.fc32                          @updates
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                       2.13.1-4.fc32                          @updates
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64               2.13.1-4.fc32                          @updates
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.x86_64              2.13.1-4.fc32                          @updates
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                      2.13.1-4.fc32                          @updates
libreport-web.x86_64                                 2.13.1-4.fc32                          @updates
libreswan.x86_64                                     3.32-2.fc32                            @updates
librevenge.x86_64                                    0.0.4-17.fc32                          @anaconda
librsvg2.x86_64                                      2.48.8-1.fc32                          @updates
librtmp.x86_64                                       2.4-17.20190330.gitc5f04a5.fc32        @rpmfusion-free
libsamplerate.x86_64                                 0.1.9-5.fc32                           @anaconda
libsane-hpaio.x86_64                                 3.20.6-1.fc32                          @updates
libsbc.x86_64                                        1.4-5.fc32                             @anaconda
libseccomp.x86_64                                    2.5.0-1.fc32                           @updates
libsecret.x86_64                                     0.20.3-1.fc32                          @updates
libselinux.x86_64                                    3.0-3.fc32                             @anaconda
libselinux-devel.x86_64                              3.0-3.fc32                             @fedora
libselinux-utils.x86_64                              3.0-3.fc32                             @anaconda
libsemanage.x86_64                                   3.0-3.fc32                             @anaconda
libsepol.x86_64                                      3.0-3.fc32                             @anaconda
libsepol-devel.x86_64                                3.0-3.fc32                             @fedora
libserf.x86_64                                       1.3.9-15.fc32                          @fedora
libshout.x86_64                                      2.4.3-1.fc32                           @anaconda
libsigc++20.x86_64                                   2.10.3-1.fc32                          @anaconda
libsigsegv.x86_64                                    2.11-10.fc32                           @anaconda
libslirp.x86_64                                      4.3.1-1.fc32                           @updates
libsmartcols.x86_64                                  2.35.2-1.fc32                          @updates
libsmbclient.x86_64                                  2:4.12.5-0.fc32                        @updates
libsmbios.x86_64                                     2.4.2-7.fc32                           @anaconda
libsndfile.x86_64                                    1.0.28-12.fc32                         @anaconda
libsodium.x86_64                                     1.0.18-3.fc32                          @fedora
libsolv.x86_64                                       0.7.14-1.fc32                          @updates
libsoup.x86_64                                       2.70.0-1.fc32                          @anaconda
libspatialite.x86_64                                 5.0.0-beta0_1.fc32.1                   @fedora
libspectre.x86_64                                    0.2.8-10.fc32                          @anaconda
libspiro.x86_64                                      20190731-2.fc32                        @fedora
libspnav.x86_64                                      0.2.3-11.fc32                          @anaconda
libsquish.x86_64                                     1.15-4.fc32                            @fedora
libsrtp.x86_64                                       2.3.0-2.fc32                           @anaconda
libss.x86_64                                         1.45.5-3.fc32                          @anaconda
libssh.x86_64                                        0.9.4-3.fc32                           @updates
libssh-config.noarch                                 0.9.4-3.fc32                           @updates
libssh2.x86_64                                       1.9.0-5.fc32                           @anaconda
libsss_autofs.x86_64                                 2.3.0-1.fc32                           @updates
libsss_certmap.x86_64                                2.3.0-1.fc32                           @updates
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                  2.3.0-1.fc32                           @updates
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                              2.3.0-1.fc32                           @updates
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                   2.3.0-1.fc32                           @updates
libstdc++.x86_64                                     10.1.1-1.fc32                          @updates
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                               10.1.1-1.fc32                          @updates
libstemmer.x86_64                                    0-14.585svn.fc32                       @anaconda
libsysfs.x86_64                                      2.1.0-28.fc32                          @anaconda
libtalloc.x86_64                                     2.3.1-2.fc32                           @anaconda
libtar.x86_64                                        1.2.20-19.fc32                         @anaconda
libtasn1.x86_64                                      4.16.0-1.fc32                          @anaconda
libtdb.x86_64                                        1.4.3-2.fc32                           @anaconda
libteam.x86_64                                       1.30-2.fc32                            @anaconda
libtevent.x86_64                                     0.10.2-2.fc32                          @anaconda
libtextstyle.x86_64                                  0.20.2-1.fc32                          @updates
libthai.x86_64                                       0.1.28-4.fc32                          @anaconda
libthai-devel.x86_64                                 0.1.28-4.fc32                          @fedora
libtheora.x86_64                                     1:1.1.1-25.fc32                        @anaconda
libtiff.x86_64                                       4.1.0-2.fc32                           @anaconda
libtimezonemap.x86_64                                0.4.5.1-7.fc32                         @anaconda
libtirpc.x86_64                                      1.2.6-0.fc32                           @updates
libtomcrypt.x86_64                                   1.18.2-6.fc32                          @fedora
libtommath.x86_64                                    1.1.0-2.fc32                           @fedora
libtool.x86_64                                       2.4.6-33.fc32                          @fedora
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                  2.4.6-33.fc32                          @anaconda
libtpcimgio.x86_64                                   1.5.10-20.fc31                         @fedora
libtpcimgio-devel.x86_64                             1.5.10-20.fc31                         @fedora
libtpcimgio-static.x86_64                            1.5.10-20.fc31                         @fedora
libtpcmisc.x86_64                                    1.4.8-20.fc31                          @fedora
libtracker-control.x86_64                            2.3.4-1.fc32                           @fedora
libtracker-miner.x86_64                              2.3.4-1.fc32                           @fedora
libtracker-sparql.x86_64                             2.3.4-1.fc32                           @fedora
libudisks2.x86_64                                    2.8.4-4.fc32                           @anaconda
libuninameslist.x86_64                               20200313-1.fc32                        @fedora
libunistring.x86_64                                  0.9.10-7.fc32                          @anaconda
libunity.x86_64                                      7.1.4-19.20190319.fc32                 @fedora
libunwind.x86_64                                     1.3.1-5.fc32                           @anaconda
liburing.x86_64                                      0.7-1.fc32                             @updates
libusal.x86_64                                       1.1.11-44.fc32                         @anaconda
libusb.x86_64                                        1:0.1.5-16.fc32                        @fedora
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                    2.0.0-2.fc32                           @anaconda
libusbx.x86_64                                       1.0.23-1.fc32                          @anaconda
libuser.x86_64                                       0.62-24.fc32                           @anaconda
libutempter.x86_64                                   1.1.6-18.fc32                          @anaconda
libuuid.x86_64                                       2.35.2-1.fc32                          @updates
libuv.x86_64                                         1:1.38.0-2.fc32                        @updates
libv4l.x86_64                                        1.18.0-4.fc32                          @anaconda
libva.x86_64                                         2.7.1-1.fc32                           @updates
libva-intel-driver.x86_64                            2.4.1-2.fc32                           @rpmfusion-free-updates
libvarlink-util.x86_64                               18-3.fc32                              @fedora
libvdpau.x86_64                                      1.4-2.fc32                             @updates
libverto.x86_64                                      0.3.0-9.fc32                           @anaconda
libverto-libev.x86_64                                0.3.0-9.fc32                           @anaconda
libvirt-daemon.x86_64                                6.1.0-4.fc32                           @updates
libvirt-daemon-config-network.x86_64                 6.1.0-4.fc32                           @updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-interface.x86_64               6.1.0-4.fc32                           @updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-network.x86_64                 6.1.0-4.fc32                           @updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-nodedev.x86_64                 6.1.0-4.fc32                           @updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-nwfilter.x86_64                6.1.0-4.fc32                           @updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-qemu.x86_64                    6.1.0-4.fc32                           @updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-secret.x86_64                  6.1.0-4.fc32                           @updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage.x86_64                 6.1.0-4.fc32                           @updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-core.x86_64            6.1.0-4.fc32                           @updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-disk.x86_64            6.1.0-4.fc32                           @updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-gluster.x86_64         6.1.0-4.fc32                           @updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi.x86_64           6.1.0-4.fc32                           @updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi-direct.x86_64    6.1.0-4.fc32                           @updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-logical.x86_64         6.1.0-4.fc32                           @updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-mpath.x86_64           6.1.0-4.fc32                           @updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-rbd.x86_64             6.1.0-4.fc32                           @updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-scsi.x86_64            6.1.0-4.fc32                           @updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-sheepdog.x86_64        6.1.0-4.fc32                           @updates
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-zfs.x86_64             6.1.0-4.fc32                           @updates
libvirt-daemon-kvm.x86_64                            6.1.0-4.fc32                           @updates
libvirt-daemon-qemu.x86_64                           6.1.0-4.fc32                           @updates
libvirt-gconfig.x86_64                               3.0.0-2.fc32                           @fedora
libvirt-glib.x86_64                                  3.0.0-2.fc32                           @fedora
libvirt-gobject.x86_64                               3.0.0-2.fc32                           @fedora
libvirt-libs.x86_64                                  6.1.0-4.fc32                           @updates
libvisio.x86_64                                      0.1.7-3.fc32                           @anaconda
libvisual.x86_64                                     1:0.4.0-28.fc32                        @anaconda
libvmaf.x86_64                                       1.3.15-2.fc32                          @fedora
libvncserver.x86_64                                  0.9.13-2.fc32                          @updates
libvorbis.x86_64                                     1:1.3.6-6.fc32                         @anaconda
libvpx.x86_64                                        1.8.2-2.fc32                           @anaconda
libwacom.x86_64                                      1.4.1-1.fc32                           @updates
libwacom-data.noarch                                 1.4.1-1.fc32                           @updates
libwayland-client.x86_64                             1.18.0-1.fc32                          @anaconda
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                             1.18.0-1.fc32                          @anaconda
libwayland-egl.x86_64                                1.18.0-1.fc32                          @anaconda
libwayland-server.x86_64                             1.18.0-1.fc32                          @anaconda
libwbclient.x86_64                                   2:4.12.5-0.fc32                        @updates
libwebp.x86_64                                       1.1.0-3.fc32                           @updates
libwinpr.x86_64                                      2:2.2.0-1.fc32                         @updates
libwmf.x86_64                                        0.2.12-3.fc32                          @fedora
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                   0.2.12-3.fc32                          @fedora
libwnck.x86_64                                       2.31.0-14.fc32                         @fedora
libwnck3.x86_64                                      3.36.0-1.fc32                          @fedora
libwpd.x86_64                                        0.10.3-4.fc32                          @anaconda
libwpe.x86_64                                        1.6.0-1.fc32                           @fedora
libwpg.x86_64                                        0.3.3-4.fc32                           @anaconda
libwps.x86_64                                        0.4.11-1.fc32                          @updates
libwsman1.x86_64                                     2.6.8-12.fc32                          @fedora
libwvstreams.x86_64                                  4.6.1-32.fc32                          @anaconda
libxcb.x86_64                                        1.13.1-4.fc32                          @anaconda
libxcb-devel.x86_64                                  1.13.1-4.fc32                          @fedora
libxcrypt.x86_64                                     4.4.16-3.fc32                          @updates
libxcrypt-compat.x86_64                              4.4.16-3.fc32                          @updates
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                               4.4.16-3.fc32                          @updates
libxdg-basedir.x86_64                                1.2.0-22.fc32                          @fedora
libxfce4ui.x86_64                                    4.14.1-4.fc32                          @updates
libxfce4util.x86_64                                  4.14.0-2.fc32                          @fedora
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                  0.10.0-2.fc32                          @anaconda
libxkbcommon-devel.x86_64                            0.10.0-2.fc32                          @fedora
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                              0.10.0-2.fc32                          @anaconda
libxkbfile.x86_64                                    1.1.0-3.fc32                           @anaconda
libxkbfile-devel.x86_64                              1.1.0-3.fc32                           @fedora
libxklavier.x86_64                                   5.4-15.fc32                            @anaconda
libxml++.x86_64                                      2.40.1-10.fc32                         @fedora
libxml2.x86_64                                       2.9.10-3.fc32                          @anaconda
libxml2-devel.x86_64                                 2.9.10-3.fc32                          @fedora
libxmlb.x86_64                                       0.1.14-2.fc32                          @anaconda
libxshmfence.x86_64                                  1.3-6.fc32                             @anaconda
libxslt.x86_64                                       1.1.34-1.fc32                          @anaconda
libyaml.x86_64                                       0.2.2-3.fc32                           @anaconda
libyaml-devel.x86_64                                 0.2.2-3.fc32                           @fedora
libyui.x86_64                                        3.3.3-8.fc32                           @anaconda
libyui-gtk.x86_64                                    2.44.9-15.fc32                         @anaconda
libyui-mga.x86_64                                    1.0.8-0.19.gita6a160e.20160313.fc32    @anaconda
libyui-mga-gtk.x86_64                                1.0.2-0.20.git22f2cf6.20131215.fc32    @anaconda
libyui-mga-ncurses.x86_64                            1.0.2-0.20.git026f2e6.20131215.fc32    @anaconda
libyui-mga-qt.x86_64                                 1.0.3-0.20.gitb508e88.20140119.fc32    @anaconda
libyui-ncurses.x86_64                                2.48.3-9.fc32                          @anaconda
libyui-qt.x86_64                                     2.47.1-17.fc32                         @anaconda
libyui-qt-graph.x86_64                               2.44.6-7.fc32                          @fedora
libzapojit.x86_64                                    0.0.3-17.fc32                          @fedora
libzhuyin.x86_64                                     2.3.0-3.fc32                           @fedora
libzip.x86_64                                        1.6.1-1.fc32                           @anaconda
libzmf.x86_64                                        0.0.2-12.fc32                          @fedora
libzstd.x86_64                                       1.4.5-4.fc32                           @updates
lightdm.x86_64                                       1.30.0-9.fc32                          @updates
lightdm-gobject.x86_64                               1.30.0-9.fc32                          @updates
lightdm-gtk.x86_64                                   2.0.7-1.fc32                           @updates
lilv.x86_64                                          0.24.6-3.fc32                          @updates
lilypond.x86_64                                      2.19.84-2.fc32                         @fedora
lilypond-c059-fonts.noarch                           2.19.84-2.fc32                         @fedora
lilypond-emmentaler-fonts.noarch                     2.19.84-2.fc32                         @fedora
lilypond-fonts-common.noarch                         2.19.84-2.fc32                         @fedora
lilypond-nimbus-fonts.noarch                         2.19.84-2.fc32                         @fedora
lilypond-texgyre-cursor-fonts.noarch                 2.19.84-2.fc32                         @fedora
lilypond-texgyre-heros-fonts.noarch                  2.19.84-2.fc32                         @fedora
lilypond-texgyre-schola-fonts.noarch                 2.19.84-2.fc32                         @fedora
linux-atm.x86_64                                     2.5.1-26.fc32                          @anaconda
linux-atm-libs.x86_64                                2.5.1-26.fc32                          @anaconda
linux-firmware.noarch                                20200721-110.fc32                      @updates
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                         20200721-110.fc32                      @updates
lirc-libs.x86_64                                     0.10.0-21.fc32                         @fedora
lksctp-tools.x86_64                                  1.0.18-4.fc32                          @fedora
lldpad.x86_64                                        1.0.1-16.git036e314.fc32               @anaconda
llvm-libs.x86_64                                     10.0.0-1.fc32                          @anaconda
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                               3.6.0-3.fc32                           @anaconda
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                     0.9.25-1.fc32                          @updates
lockdev.x86_64                                       1.0.4-0.33.20111007git.fc32            @anaconda
logrotate.x86_64                                     3.15.1-3.fc32                          @anaconda
lohit-assamese-fonts.noarch                          2.91.5-9.fc32                          @anaconda
lohit-bengali-fonts.noarch                           2.91.5-9.fc32                          @anaconda
lohit-devanagari-fonts.noarch                        2.95.4-10.fc32                         @anaconda
lohit-gujarati-fonts.noarch                          2.92.4-9.fc32                          @anaconda
lohit-kannada-fonts.noarch                           2.5.4-8.fc32                           @anaconda
lohit-odia-fonts.noarch                              2.91.2-9.fc32                          @anaconda
lohit-tamil-fonts.noarch                             2.91.3-9.fc32                          @anaconda
lohit-telugu-fonts.noarch                            2.5.5-8.fc32                           @anaconda
lorax.x86_64                                         32.11-1.fc32                           @updates
lorax-composer.x86_64                                32.11-1.fc32                           @updates
lorax-templates-generic.x86_64                       32.11-1.fc32                           @updates
low-memory-monitor.x86_64                            2.0-4.fc32                             @fedora
lrzsz.x86_64                                         0.12.20-49.fc32                        @anaconda
lsof.x86_64                                          4.93.2-3.fc32                          @anaconda
lsp-plugins-jack.x86_64                              1.1.13-2.fc32                          @fedora
lsp-plugins-ladspa.x86_64                            1.1.13-2.fc32                          @fedora
lsp-plugins-lv2.x86_64                               1.1.13-2.fc32                          @fedora
lsscsi.x86_64                                        0.31-1.fc32                            @fedora
ltrace.x86_64                                        0.7.91-37.fc32                         @fedora
lttng-ust.x86_64                                     2.11.0-4.fc32                          @fedora
lua.x86_64                                           5.3.5-7.fc32                           @fedora
lua-expat.x86_64                                     1.3.0-18.fc32                          @fedora
lua-filesystem.x86_64                                1.6.3-12.fc32                          @fedora
lua-json.noarch                                      1.3.2-14.fc32                          @fedora
lua-lgi.x86_64                                       0.9.2-6.fc32                           @fedora
lua-libs.x86_64                                      5.3.5-7.fc32                           @anaconda
lua-lpeg.x86_64                                      1.0.2-2.fc32                           @fedora
lua-posix.x86_64                                     33.3.1-16.fc32                         @fedora
lua-socket.x86_64                                    3.0-0.22.rc1.fc32                      @fedora
lua-term.x86_64                                      0.07-10.fc32                           @fedora
luksmeta.x86_64                                      9-7.fc32                               @fedora
luxcorerender.x86_64                                 2.3-5.fc32                             @updates
luxcorerender-core.x86_64                            2.3-5.fc32                             @updates
lv2.x86_64                                           1.16.0-3.fc32                          @fedora
lv2-abGate.x86_64                                    1.1.9-2.fc32                           @fedora
lv2-artyfx-plugins.x86_64                            1.3-0.14.20150506gitff73e5a.fc32       @fedora
lv2-c++-tools.x86_64                                 1.0.5-6.fc32                           @fedora
lv2-carla.x86_64                                     1:2.2.0-0.1.rc1.fc32                   @updates
lv2-drumkv1.x86_64                                   0.9.14-1.fc32                          @updates
lv2-fabla.x86_64                                     1.3-0.13.20150303gitcfbd4b3.fc32       @fedora
lv2-invada-plugins.x86_64                            1.2.0-22.fc32                          @fedora
lv2-ll-plugins.x86_64                                0.2.8-27.fc32                          @fedora
lv2-newtonator.x86_64                                0.6.0-17.fc32                          @fedora
lv2-samplv1.x86_64                                   0.9.14-1.fc32                          @updates
lv2-sorcer.x86_64                                    1.1-2420131104git18e6891.fc32          @fedora
lv2-swh-plugins.x86_64                               1.0.15-10.20150723.5098e09git.fc32     @fedora
lv2-synthv1.x86_64                                   0.9.14-1.fc32                          @updates
lv2-vocoder-plugins.x86_64                           1-22.fc32                              @fedora
lv2-x42-plugins.x86_64                               0.14.0-0.2.20200114.fc32               @fedora
lv2-zynadd-plugins.x86_64                            1-23.fc32                              @fedora
lv2dynparam.x86_64                                   2-19.fc31                              @fedora
lvm2.x86_64                                          2.03.09-1.fc32                         @anaconda
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                     2.03.09-1.fc32                         @anaconda
lxpolkit.x86_64                                      0.5.5-2.fc32                           @updates
lxqt-policykit.x86_64                                0.14.1-3.fc32                          @fedora
lxsession.x86_64                                     0.5.5-2.fc32                           @updates
lyx-fonts.noarch                                     2.3.5.2-1.fc32                         @updates
lz4.x86_64                                           1.9.1-2.fc32                           @anaconda
lz4-libs.x86_64                                      1.9.1-2.fc32                           @anaconda
lzo.x86_64                                           2.10-2.fc32                            @anaconda
lzo-minilzo.x86_64                                   2.10-2.fc32                            @anaconda
lzop.x86_64                                          1.04-3.fc32                            @fedora
m17n-db.noarch                                       1.8.0-9.fc32                           @fedora
m17n-lib.x86_64                                      1.8.0-7.fc32                           @fedora
m4.x86_64                                            1.4.18-12.fc32                         @fedora
mactel-boot.x86_64                                   0.9-22.fc32                            @anaconda
mailcap.noarch                                       2.1.48-7.fc32                          @anaconda
mailx.x86_64                                         12.5-33.fc32                           @fedora
make.x86_64                                          1:4.2.1-16.fc32                        @anaconda
man-db.x86_64                                        2.9.0-2.fc32                           @anaconda
man-pages.noarch                                     5.04-3.fc32                            @anaconda
man-pages-fr.noarch                                  3.70-20.fc32                           @fedora
marble-astro.x86_64                                  1:19.12.2-1.fc32                       @fedora
marble-common.noarch                                 1:19.12.2-1.fc32                       @fedora
marble-widget-data.noarch                            1:19.12.2-1.fc32                       @fedora
marble-widget-qt5.x86_64                             1:19.12.2-1.fc32                       @fedora
mariadb.x86_64                                       3:10.4.13-2.fc32                       @updates
mariadb-backup.x86_64                                3:10.4.13-2.fc32                       @updates
mariadb-common.x86_64                                3:10.4.13-2.fc32                       @updates
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                           3.1.9-1.fc32                           @updates
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                    3.1.9-1.fc32                           @updates
mariadb-cracklib-password-check.x86_64               3:10.4.13-2.fc32                       @updates
mariadb-embedded.x86_64                              3:10.4.13-2.fc32                       @updates
mariadb-errmsg.x86_64                                3:10.4.13-2.fc32                       @updates
mariadb-gssapi-server.x86_64                         3:10.4.13-2.fc32                       @updates
mariadb-server.x86_64                                3:10.4.13-2.fc32                       @updates
mariadb-server-utils.x86_64                          3:10.4.13-2.fc32                       @updates
marisa.x86_64                                        0.2.4-44.fc32                          @fedora
mate-control-center-filesystem.x86_64                1.24.0-3.fc32                          @fedora
mate-desktop.x86_64                                  1.24.0-3.fc32                          @fedora
mate-desktop-libs.x86_64                             1.24.0-3.fc32                          @fedora
mate-disk-usage-analyzer.x86_64                      1.24.0-1.fc32                          @fedora
mate-menus.x86_64                                    1.24.0-2.fc32                          @fedora
mate-menus-libs.x86_64                               1.24.0-2.fc32                          @fedora
mate-notification-daemon.x86_64                      1.24.0-1.fc32                          @fedora
mate-panel.x86_64                                    1.24.0-5.fc32                          @updates
mate-panel-libs.x86_64                               1.24.0-5.fc32                          @updates
mate-system-monitor.x86_64                           1.24.0-1.fc32                          @fedora
mate-user-guide.noarch                               1.24.0-1.fc32                          @fedora
mate-utils-common.noarch                             1.24.0-1.fc32                          @fedora
mathjax.noarch                                       2.7.4-6.fc32                           @fedora
mathjax-ams-fonts.noarch                             2.7.4-6.fc32                           @fedora
mathjax-caligraphic-fonts.noarch                     2.7.4-6.fc32                           @fedora
mathjax-fraktur-fonts.noarch                         2.7.4-6.fc32                           @fedora
mathjax-main-fonts.noarch                            2.7.4-6.fc32                           @fedora
mathjax-math-fonts.noarch                            2.7.4-6.fc32                           @fedora
mathjax-sansserif-fonts.noarch                       2.7.4-6.fc32                           @fedora
mathjax-script-fonts.noarch                          2.7.4-6.fc32                           @fedora
mathjax-size1-fonts.noarch                           2.7.4-6.fc32                           @fedora
mathjax-size2-fonts.noarch                           2.7.4-6.fc32                           @fedora
mathjax-size3-fonts.noarch                           2.7.4-6.fc32                           @fedora
mathjax-size4-fonts.noarch                           2.7.4-6.fc32                           @fedora
mathjax-stixweb-fonts.noarch                         2.7.4-6.fc32                           @fedora
mathjax-typewriter-fonts.noarch                      2.7.4-6.fc32                           @fedora
mathjax-vector-fonts.noarch                          2.7.4-6.fc32                           @fedora
mathjax-winchrome-fonts.noarch                       2.7.4-6.fc32                           @fedora
mathjax-winie6-fonts.noarch                          2.7.4-6.fc32                           @fedora
mcelog.x86_64                                        3:168-1.fc32                           @anaconda
mcpp.x86_64                                          2.7.2-25.fc32                          @anaconda
md5deep.x86_64                                       4.4-12.fc32                            @fedora
mdadm.x86_64                                         4.1-5.fc32                             @updates
media-player-info.noarch                             23-6.fc32                              @anaconda
mediawriter.x86_64                                   4.1.4-4.fc32                           @anaconda
meld.noarch                                          3.20.2-1.fc32                          @fedora
memtest86+.x86_64                                    5.01-28.fc32                           @anaconda
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                              20.1.4-1.fc32                          @updates
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                               20.1.4-1.fc32                          @updates
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                   20.1.4-1.fc32                          @updates
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                    20.1.4-1.fc32                          @updates
mesa-libGL-devel.x86_64                              20.1.4-1.fc32                          @updates
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                   9.0.1-2.fc32                           @anaconda
mesa-libGLU-devel.x86_64                             9.0.1-2.fc32                           @fedora
mesa-libOSMesa.x86_64                                20.1.4-1.fc32                          @updates
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                   20.1.4-1.fc32                          @updates
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                                 20.1.4-1.fc32                          @updates
mesa-libxatracker.x86_64                             20.1.4-1.fc32                          @updates
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                           20.1.4-1.fc32                          @updates
metacity.x86_64                                      3.36.1-1.fc32                          @fedora
meterbridge.x86_64                                   0.9.2-24.fc32                          @fedora
metis.x86_64                                         5.1.0-24.fc32                          @fedora
microcode_ctl.x86_64                                 2:2.1-39.fc32                          @updates
minicom.x86_64                                       2.7.1-13.fc32                          @anaconda
minizip-compat.x86_64                                1.2.11-21.fc32                         @fedora
mjpegtools-libs.x86_64                               2.1.0-19.fc32                          @rpmfusion-free
mkpasswd.x86_64                                      5.5.6-1.fc32                           @anaconda
mlocate.x86_64                                       0.26-25.fc32                           @anaconda
mlt.x86_64                                           6.20.0-1.fc32                          @fedora
mlt-freeworld.x86_64                                 6.20.0-1.fc32                          @rpmfusion-free
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                20190618-3.fc32                        @anaconda
mock.noarch                                          2.4-1.fc32                             @updates
mock-core-configs.noarch                             32.6-1.fc32                            @fedora
mockito.noarch                                       2.23.9-6.fc32                          @fedora
mod_dnssd.x86_64                                     0.6-22.fc32                            @fedora
mod_http2.x86_64                                     1.15.5-1.fc32                          @fedora
mokutil.x86_64                                       2:0.3.0-15.fc32                        @anaconda
mongodb-org-mongos.x86_64                            4.2.8-1.el8                            @@commandline
mongodb-org-server.x86_64                            4.2.8-1.el8                            @@commandline
mongodb-org-shell.x86_64                             4.2.8-1.el8                            @@commandline
mongodb-org-tools.x86_64                             4.2.8-1.el8                            @@commandline
mono-core.x86_64                                     6.6.0-7.fc32                           @updates
mono-data.x86_64                                     6.6.0-7.fc32                           @updates
mono-data-sqlite.x86_64                              6.6.0-7.fc32                           @updates
mono-extras.x86_64                                   6.6.0-7.fc32                           @updates
mono-mvc.x86_64                                      6.6.0-7.fc32                           @updates
mono-wcf.x86_64                                      6.6.0-7.fc32                           @updates
mono-web.x86_64                                      6.6.0-7.fc32                           @updates
mono-winforms.x86_64                                 6.6.0-7.fc32                           @updates
monobristol.x86_64                                   0.60.3.1-17.fc32                       @fedora
most.x86_64                                          5.1.0-3.fc32                           @fedora
mousetweaks.x86_64                                   3.32.0-3.fc32                          @fedora
movit.x86_64                                         1.6.2-5.fc32                           @fedora
movit-data.noarch                                    1.6.2-5.fc32                           @fedora
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                            1.9-22.fc32                            @anaconda
mozjs60.x86_64                                       60.9.0-5.fc32                          @anaconda
mozjs68.x86_64                                       68.10.0-1.fc32                         @updates
mp.x86_64                                            3.1.0-26.20200215git71c21a5.fc32       @fedora
mpage.x86_64                                         2.5.7-9.fc32                           @fedora
mpfr.x86_64                                          4.0.2-5.fc32                           @updates
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                   1.25.12-2.fc32                         @anaconda
mscore.x86_64                                        3.4.2-4.fc32                           @updates
mscore-fonts.noarch                                  3.4.2-4.fc32                           @updates
mtdev.x86_64                                         1.1.5-16.fc32                          @anaconda
mtools.x86_64                                        4.0.24-1.fc32                          @anaconda
mtr.x86_64                                           2:0.92-6.fc32                          @anaconda
mu.noarch                                            1.0.2-8.fc32                           @fedora
multimedia-menus.noarch                              0.4.0-1.fc32                           @updates
mup.x86_64                                           6.7-2.fc32                             @fedora
muse.x86_64                                          1:3.0.2-9.fc32                         @fedora
mutter.x86_64                                        3.36.4-1.fc32                          @updates
mxml.x86_64                                          3.1-2.fc32                             @fedora
mypaint-brushes.noarch                               1.3.1-1.fc32                           @fedora
mysql-selinux.noarch                                 1.0.0-9.fc32                           @anaconda
mythes.x86_64                                        1.2.4-13.fc32                          @fedora
mythes-en.noarch                                     3.0-29.fc32                            @fedora
mythes-fr.noarch                                     2.3-15.fc32                            @fedora
nagios-common.x86_64                                 4.4.5-7.fc32                           @updates
nagios-plugins.x86_64                                2.3.3-2.fc32                           @updates
nagios-plugins-breeze.x86_64                         2.3.3-2.fc32                           @updates
nagios-plugins-perl.x86_64                           2.3.3-2.fc32                           @updates
nano.x86_64                                          4.9.3-1.fc32                           @updates
nautilus.x86_64                                      3.36.3-1.fc32                          @updates
nautilus-extensions.x86_64                           3.36.3-1.fc32                          @updates
nautilus-image-converter.x86_64                      0.3.1-0.19.git430afce31.fc32           @fedora
nautilus-python.x86_64                               1.2.3-4.fc32                           @fedora
nautilus-sendto.x86_64                               1:3.8.6-8.fc32                         @fedora
ncurses.x86_64                                       6.1-15.20191109.fc32                   @fedora
ncurses-base.noarch                                  6.1-15.20191109.fc32                   @anaconda
ncurses-c++-libs.x86_64                              6.1-15.20191109.fc32                   @fedora
ncurses-compat-libs.x86_64                           6.1-15.20191109.fc32                   @fedora
ncurses-devel.x86_64                                 6.1-15.20191109.fc32                   @fedora
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                  6.1-15.20191109.fc32                   @anaconda
ncurses-static.x86_64                                6.1-15.20191109.fc32                   @fedora
ncurses-term.noarch                                  6.1-15.20191109.fc32                   @fedora
ndctl.x86_64                                         68-1.fc32                              @anaconda
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                    68-1.fc32                              @anaconda
nekobee-dssi.x86_64                                  0.1.7-24.fc32                          @fedora
neon.x86_64                                          0.31.2-1.fc32                          @updates
net-snmp-libs.x86_64                                 1:5.8-23.fc32                          @updates
net-tools.x86_64                                     2.0-0.56.20160912git.fc32              @anaconda
netcdf.x86_64                                        4.7.0-3.fc32                           @fedora
netcf-libs.x86_64                                    0.2.8-15.fc32                          @fedora
netpbm.x86_64                                        10.90.00-1.fc32                        @fedora
nettle.x86_64                                        3.5.1-5.fc32                           @anaconda
network-manager-applet.x86_64                        1.18.0-1.fc32                          @updates
newt.x86_64                                          0.52.21-6.fc32                         @anaconda
nfs-utils.x86_64                                     1:2.5.1-0.fc32                         @updates
nftables.x86_64                                      1:0.9.3-3.fc32                         @updates
nilfs-utils.x86_64                                   2.2.8-2.fc32                           @anaconda
nim-srpm-macros.noarch                               3-2.fc32                               @fedora
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                          1.18.0-1.fc32                          @updates
nmap.x86_64                                          2:7.80-4.fc32                          @updates
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                     2:7.80-4.fc32                          @updates
nodejs.x86_64                                        1:12.16.3-1.fc32                       @updates
nodejs-docs.noarch                                   1:12.16.3-1.fc32                       @updates
nodejs-full-i18n.x86_64                              1:12.16.3-1.fc32                       @updates
nodejs-libs.x86_64                                   1:12.16.3-1.fc32                       @updates
nodoka-filesystem.noarch                             0.3.90-19.fc32                         @fedora
non-mixer.x86_64                                     1.2.0-19.20200307gitbbe8386.fc32       @fedora
non-ntk.x86_64                                       1.3.1000-0.3.20190925gitdae1771.fc32   @fedora
non-sequencer.x86_64                                 1.2.0-19.20200307gitbbe8386.fc32       @fedora
non-session-manager.x86_64                           1.2.0-19.20200307gitbbe8386.fc32       @fedora
notify-sharp3.x86_64                                 3.0.3-12.fc32                          @fedora
npm.x86_64                                           1:6.14.4-1.12.16.3.1.fc32              @updates
npth.x86_64                                          1.6-4.fc32                             @anaconda
nspr.x86_64                                          4.26.0-1.fc32                          @updates
nss.x86_64                                           3.54.0-1.fc32                          @updates
nss-mdns.x86_64                                      0.14.1-7.fc32                          @anaconda
nss-softokn.x86_64                                   3.54.0-1.fc32                          @updates
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                            3.54.0-1.fc32                          @updates
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                   3.54.0-1.fc32                          @updates
nss-tools.x86_64                                     3.54.0-1.fc32                          @updates
nss-util.x86_64                                      3.54.0-1.fc32                          @updates
ntfs-3g.x86_64                                       2:2017.3.23-13.fc32                    @anaconda
ntfs-3g-system-compression.x86_64                    1.0-3.fc32                             @anaconda
ntfsprogs.x86_64                                     2:2017.3.23-13.fc32                    @anaconda
numactl-libs.x86_64                                  2.0.12-4.fc32                          @anaconda
numad.x86_64                                         0.5-31.20150602git.fc32                @fedora
objectweb-asm.noarch                                 7.0-4.fc32                             @fedora
objenesis.noarch                                     2.6-6.fc32                             @fedora
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                             6-2.fc32                               @fedora
ocl-icd.x86_64                                       2.2.12-9.fc32                          @fedora
oddjob.x86_64                                        0.34.6-1.fc32                          @updates
oddjob-mkhomedir.x86_64                              0.34.6-1.fc32                          @updates
ogdi.x86_64                                          4.1.0-3.fc32                           @fedora
oidn-libs.x86_64                                     1.2.1-1.fc32                           @updates
okular.x86_64                                        19.12.3-2.fc32                         @anaconda
okular-libs.x86_64                                   19.12.3-2.fc32                         @anaconda
okular-part.x86_64                                   19.12.3-2.fc32                         @anaconda
open-sans-fonts.noarch                               1.10-12.fc32                           @fedora
open-vm-tools.x86_64                                 11.1.0-2.fc32                          @updates
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                         11.1.0-2.fc32                          @updates
openCOLLADA.x86_64                                   1.6.63-5.fc32                          @fedora
openal-soft.x86_64                                   1.19.1-5.fc32                          @anaconda
openbios.noarch                                      1:20191022-2.git7e5b89e.fc32           @fedora
openblas.x86_64                                      0.3.9-3.fc32                           @updates
openblas-devel.x86_64                                0.3.9-3.fc32                           @updates
openblas-openmp.x86_64                               0.3.9-3.fc32                           @updates
openblas-openmp64.x86_64                             0.3.9-3.fc32                           @updates
openblas-openmp64_.x86_64                            0.3.9-3.fc32                           @updates
openblas-serial.x86_64                               0.3.9-3.fc32                           @updates
openblas-serial64.x86_64                             0.3.9-3.fc32                           @updates
openblas-serial64_.x86_64                            0.3.9-3.fc32                           @updates
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                          2-7.fc32                               @fedora
openblas-threads.x86_64                              0.3.9-3.fc32                           @updates
openblas-threads64.x86_64                            0.3.9-3.fc32                           @updates
openblas-threads64_.x86_64                           0.3.9-3.fc32                           @updates
openbox.x86_64                                       3.6.1-14.fc32                          @fedora
openbox-libs.x86_64                                  3.6.1-14.fc32                          @fedora
openconnect.x86_64                                   8.10-1.fc32                            @updates
opencore-amr.x86_64                                  0.1.5-10.fc32                          @rpmfusion-free
opencv-contrib.x86_64                                4.2.0-7.fc32                           @updates
opencv-core.x86_64                                   4.2.0-7.fc32                           @updates
openh264.x86_64                                      2.1.0-1.fc32                           @fedora-cisco-openh264
openjpeg2.x86_64                                     2.3.1-6.fc32                           @anaconda
openjpeg2-tools.x86_64                               2.3.1-6.fc32                           @fedora
openldap.x86_64                                      2.4.47-4.fc32                          @anaconda
openldap-clients.x86_64                              2.4.47-4.fc32                          @fedora
openpgm.x86_64                                       5.2.122-22.fc32                        @fedora
opensc.x86_64                                        0.20.0-6.fc32                          @updates
openssh.x86_64                                       8.3p1-3.fc32                           @updates
openssh-clients.x86_64                               8.3p1-3.fc32                           @updates
openssh-server.x86_64                                8.3p1-3.fc32                           @updates
openssl.x86_64                                       1:1.1.1g-1.fc32                        @updates
openssl-devel.x86_64                                 1:1.1.1g-1.fc32                        @updates
openssl-libs.x86_64                                  1:1.1.1g-1.fc32                        @updates
openssl-pkcs11.x86_64                                0.4.10-6.fc32                          @updates
opensubdiv.x86_64                                    3.4.0-4.fc32                           @fedora
opensubdiv-libs.x86_64                               3.4.0-4.fc32                           @fedora
openvdb-libs.x86_64                                  7.0.0-7.fc32                           @updates
openvpn.x86_64                                       2.4.9-1.fc32                           @updates
optimizer.x86_64                                     1.2.1-3.fc32                           @fedora
optipng.x86_64                                       0.7.7-4.fc32                           @fedora
opus.x86_64                                          1.3.1-3.fc32                           @anaconda
opus-tools.x86_64                                    0.2-4.fc32                             @fedora
opusfile.x86_64                                      0.12-1.fc32                            @updates
orc.x86_64                                           0.4.31-2.fc32                          @anaconda
orca.noarch                                          3.36.3-1.fc32                          @updates
os-prober.x86_64                                     1.77-4.fc32                            @anaconda
osinfo-db.noarch                                     20200529-1.fc32                        @updates
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                               1.7.0-2.fc32                           @fedora
osm-gps-map.x86_64                                   1.1.0-6.fc32                           @fedora
ostree.x86_64                                        2020.3-5.fc32                          @updates
ostree-libs.x86_64                                   2020.3-5.fc32                          @updates
overpass-fonts.noarch                                3.0.4-3.fc32                           @fedora
oxygen-gtk2.x86_64                                   1.4.6-14.fc32                          @fedora
oxygen-sound-theme.noarch                            5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
oz.noarch                                            0.17.0-6.fc32                          @fedora
p11-kit.x86_64                                       0.23.20-1.fc32                         @anaconda
p11-kit-server.x86_64                                0.23.20-1.fc32                         @fedora
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                 0.23.20-1.fc32                         @anaconda
p7zip-plugins.x86_64                                 16.02-17.fc32                          @anaconda
pakchois.x86_64                                      0.4-21.fc32                            @anaconda
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                     5.0-2.fc32                             @anaconda
pam.x86_64                                           1.3.1-26.fc32                          @updates
pam-kwallet.x86_64                                   5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
pam_afs_session.x86_64                               2.6-12.fc32                            @anaconda
pam_passwdqc.x86_64                                  1.4.0-1.fc32                           @updates
pandoc.x86_64                                        2.7.3-3.fc32                           @fedora
pandoc-common.noarch                                 2.7.3-3.fc32                           @fedora
pango.x86_64                                         1.44.7-2.fc32                          @anaconda
pango-devel.x86_64                                   1.44.7-2.fc32                          @fedora
pangomm.x86_64                                       2.42.1-1.fc32                          @anaconda
pangox-compat.x86_64                                 0.0.2-15.fc31                          @fedora
paps.x86_64                                          0.6.8-45.fc32                          @anaconda
paps-libs.x86_64                                     0.6.8-45.fc32                          @anaconda
par2cmdline.x86_64                                   0.8.0-4.fc32                           @fedora
paratype-pt-sans-fonts.noarch                        20141121-10.fc32                       @anaconda
parted.x86_64                                        3.3-3.fc32                             @anaconda
passwd.x86_64                                        0.80-8.fc32                            @anaconda
passwdqc.x86_64                                      1.4.0-1.fc32                           @updates
passwdqc-utils.x86_64                                1.4.0-1.fc32                           @updates
patch.x86_64                                         2.7.6-12.fc32                          @fedora
patchutils.x86_64                                    0.4.2-1.fc32                           @updates
pavucontrol.x86_64                                   4.0-4.fc32                             @updates
pbzip2.x86_64                                        1.1.13-2.fc32                          @fedora
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                    1.1-5.fc32                             @anaconda
pciutils.x86_64                                      3.6.4-1.fc32                           @anaconda
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                 3.6.4-1.fc32                           @anaconda
pcre.x86_64                                          8.44-1.fc32                            @anaconda
pcre-cpp.x86_64                                      8.44-1.fc32                            @fedora
pcre-devel.x86_64                                    8.44-1.fc32                            @fedora
pcre-utf16.x86_64                                    8.44-1.fc32                            @fedora
pcre-utf32.x86_64                                    8.44-1.fc32                            @fedora
pcre2.x86_64                                         10.35-4.fc32                           @updates
pcre2-devel.x86_64                                   10.35-4.fc32                           @updates
pcre2-syntax.noarch                                  10.35-4.fc32                           @updates
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                   10.35-4.fc32                           @updates
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                   10.35-4.fc32                           @updates
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                     1.9.0-1.fc32                           @updates
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                                1.4.33-1.fc32                          @updates
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                                1.9.0-1.fc32                           @updates
pdfarranger.noarch                                   1.6.0-2.fc32                           @updates
perf.x86_64                                          5.7.7-200.fc32                         @updates
perl-AnyEvent.x86_64                                 7.17-2.fc32                            @fedora
perl-AnyEvent-I3.noarch                              0.17-10.fc32                           @fedora
perl-Archive-Zip.noarch                              1.67-2.fc32                            @fedora
perl-CGI.noarch                                      4.46-1.fc32                            @fedora
perl-Cairo.x86_64                                    1.107-2.fc32                           @fedora
perl-Carp.noarch                                     1.50-440.fc32                          @anaconda
perl-Class-Accessor.noarch                           0.51-8.fc32                            @fedora
perl-Class-Data-Inheritable.noarch                   0.08-34.fc32                           @fedora
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                       2.093-2.fc32                           @fedora
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                        2.093-2.fc32                           @fedora
perl-Cpanel-JSON-XS.x86_64                           4.19-1.fc32                            @fedora
perl-DBD-MySQL.x86_64                                4.050-6.fc32                           @anaconda
perl-DBI.x86_64                                      1.643-2.fc32                           @anaconda
perl-Data-Dump.noarch                                1.23-13.fc32                           @fedora
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                              2.174-443.fc32                         @anaconda
perl-Data-OptList.noarch                             0.110-12.fc32                          @fedora
perl-Data-Section.noarch                             0.200007-9.fc32                        @fedora
perl-Digest.noarch                                   1.17-440.fc32                          @anaconda
perl-Digest-HMAC.noarch                              1.03-23.fc32                           @fedora
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                               2.55-440.fc32                          @anaconda
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                               1:6.02-442.fc32                        @fedora
perl-Digest-SHA3.x86_64                              1.04-7.fc32                            @fedora
perl-Encode.x86_64                                   4:3.06-445.fc32                        @updates
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                            1.05-15.fc32                           @fedora
perl-Errno.x86_64                                    1.30-455.fc32                          @updates
perl-Error.noarch                                    1:0.17029-1.fc32                       @fedora
perl-Exporter.noarch                                 5.74-2.fc32                            @anaconda
perl-File-Copy-Recursive.noarch                      0.45-2.fc32                            @fedora
perl-File-Listing.noarch                             6.04-23.fc32                           @fedora
perl-File-Path.noarch                                2.17-1.fc32                            @updates
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                1:0.230.900-440.fc32                   @anaconda
perl-File-Which.noarch                               1.23-5.fc32                            @fedora
perl-Filter.x86_64                                   2:1.59-443.fc32                        @fedora
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                              1:2.51-2.fc32                          @anaconda
perl-Git.noarch                                      2.26.2-1.fc32                          @updates
perl-Glib.x86_64                                     1.3292-1.fc32                          @fedora
perl-Gnome2.x86_64                                   1.047-9.fc32                           @fedora
perl-Gnome2-Canvas.x86_64                            1.002-45.fc32                          @fedora
perl-Gnome2-VFS.x86_64                               1.083-11.fc32                          @fedora
perl-Gnome2-Wnck.x86_64                              0.16-38.fc32                           @fedora
perl-Goo-Canvas.x86_64                               0.06-39.fc32                           @fedora
perl-Gtk2.x86_64                                     1.24993-2.fc32                         @fedora
perl-Gtk2-AppIndicator.x86_64                        0.15-23.fc32                           @fedora
perl-Gtk2-ImageView.x86_64                           0.05-16.fc32                           @fedora
perl-Gtk2-Unique.x86_64                              0.05-29.fc32                           @fedora
perl-Guard.x86_64                                    1.023-17.fc32                          @fedora
perl-HTML-Form.noarch                                6.05-2.fc32                            @fedora
perl-HTML-Parser.x86_64                              3.72-21.fc32                           @fedora
perl-HTML-Tagset.noarch                              3.20-41.fc32                           @fedora
perl-HTML-Tree.noarch                                1:5.07-10.fc32                         @fedora
perl-HTTP-Cookies.noarch                             6.08-2.fc32                            @fedora
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                                6.05-2.fc32                            @fedora
perl-HTTP-Message.noarch                             6.22-1.fc32                            @fedora
perl-HTTP-Negotiate.noarch                           6.01-25.fc32                           @fedora
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                0.076-440.fc32                         @anaconda
perl-IO.x86_64                                       1.40-455.fc32                          @updates
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                              2.093-2.fc32                           @fedora
perl-IO-HTML.noarch                                  1.001-16.fc32                          @fedora
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                             0.39-441.fc32                          @anaconda
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                            2.068-1.fc32                           @anaconda
perl-IO-stringy.noarch                               2.113-2.fc32                           @fedora
perl-Image-ExifTool.noarch                           12.00-1.fc32                           @updates
perl-Importer.noarch                                 0.025-7.fc32                           @fedora
perl-JSON.noarch                                     4.02-4.fc32                            @fedora
perl-JSON-MaybeXS.noarch                             1.004000-7.fc32                        @fedora
perl-JSON-PP.noarch                                  1:4.04-3.fc32                          @fedora
perl-JSON-XS.x86_64                                  1:4.02-4.fc32                          @fedora
perl-LWP-MediaTypes.noarch                           6.04-4.fc32                            @fedora
perl-LWP-Protocol-https.noarch                       6.09-2.fc32                            @updates
perl-Locale-Maketext.noarch                          1.29-441.fc32                          @fedora
perl-Locale-gettext.x86_64                           1.07-16.fc32                           @fedora
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                              3.15-440.fc32                          @anaconda
perl-MIME-Charset.noarch                             1.012.2-10.fc32                        @fedora
perl-MRO-Compat.noarch                               0.13-10.fc32                           @fedora
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                              1:1.9998.18-2.fc32                     @anaconda
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                             1.59-455.fc32                          @updates
perl-Module-Load.noarch                              1:0.34-440.fc32                        @fedora
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                               20200520-1.fc32                        @updates
perl-NTLM.noarch                                     1.09-23.fc32                           @fedora
perl-Net-DBus.x86_64                                 1.2.0-2.fc32                           @fedora
perl-Net-FTP-AutoReconnect.noarch                    0.3-29.fc32                            @fedora
perl-Net-FTP-RetrHandle.noarch                       0.2-28.fc32                            @fedora
perl-Net-HTTP.noarch                                 6.19-4.fc32                            @fedora
perl-Net-OAuth.noarch                                0.28-21.fc32                           @fedora
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                               1.88-5.fc32                            @anaconda
perl-Object-HashBase.noarch                          0.009-2.fc32                           @fedora
perl-Package-Generator.noarch                        1.106-17.fc32                          @fedora
perl-Pango.x86_64                                    1.227-17.fc32                          @fedora
perl-Params-Util.x86_64                              1.07-29.fc32                           @fedora
perl-Path-Class.noarch                               0.37-15.fc32                           @fedora
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                3.78-441.fc32                          @anaconda
perl-Perl-OSType.noarch                              1.010-441.fc32                         @fedora
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                              1:1.07-440.fc32                        @anaconda
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                              3.28.01-443.fc32                       @anaconda
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                               1:3.40-2.fc32                          @anaconda
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                4:1.70-1.fc32                          @anaconda
perl-Proc-ProcessTable.x86_64                        0.59-4.fc32                            @fedora
perl-Proc-Simple.noarch                              1.32-12.fc32                           @fedora
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                        3:1.54-440.fc32                        @anaconda
perl-Socket.x86_64                                   4:2.030-1.fc32                         @updates
perl-Software-License.noarch                         0.103014-6.fc32                        @fedora
perl-Sort-Naturally.noarch                           1.03-23.fc32                           @fedora
perl-Storable.x86_64                                 1:3.15-443.fc32                        @anaconda
perl-Sub-Exporter.noarch                             0.987-21.fc32                          @fedora
perl-Sub-Install.noarch                              0.928-22.fc32                          @fedora
perl-Sys-Syslog.x86_64                               0.36-3.fc32                            @fedora
perl-Task-Weaken.noarch                              1.06-7.fc32                            @fedora
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                           5.01-2.fc32                            @anaconda
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                 1.17-440.fc32                          @anaconda
perl-Term-Size-Any.noarch                            0.002-30.fc32                          @fedora
perl-Term-Size-Perl.x86_64                           0.031-7.fc32                           @fedora
perl-Term-Table.noarch                               0.015-3.fc32                           @fedora
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                              2.38-6.fc32                            @fedora
perl-Test-Simple.noarch                              3:1.302174-1.fc32                      @fedora
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                          3.30-440.fc32                          @anaconda
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                           2013.0523-440.fc32                     @anaconda
perl-Text-Template.noarch                            1.58-2.fc32                            @fedora
perl-Text-Unidecode.noarch                           1.30-11.fc32                           @fedora
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                             3.13-440.fc32                          @fedora
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                               1.9760-440.fc32                        @fedora
perl-Time-Local.noarch                               2:1.300-2.fc32                         @anaconda
perl-Time-ParseDate.noarch                           2015.103-14.fc32                       @fedora
perl-TimeDate.noarch                                 1:2.32-1.fc32                          @fedora
perl-Tk.x86_64                                       804.035-1.fc32                         @updates
perl-Try-Tiny.noarch                                 0.30-8.fc32                            @fedora
perl-Types-Serialiser.noarch                         1.0-18.fc32                            @fedora
perl-URI.noarch                                      1.76-6.fc32                            @anaconda
perl-Unicode-LineBreak.x86_64                        2019.001-5.fc32                        @fedora
perl-Unicode-Normalize.x86_64                        1.26-440.fc32                          @anaconda
perl-WWW-Mechanize.noarch                            1.95-2.fc32                            @fedora
perl-WWW-RobotRules.noarch                           6.02-24.fc32                           @fedora
perl-WebService-Dropbox.noarch                       2.07-9.fc32                            @fedora
perl-X11-Protocol.noarch                             0.56-33.fc32                           @fedora
perl-X11-Protocol-Other.noarch                       31-3.fc32                              @fedora
perl-XML-NamespaceSupport.noarch                     1.12-10.fc32                           @fedora
perl-XML-Parser.x86_64                               2.46-2.fc32                            @fedora
perl-XML-SAX.noarch                                  1.02-3.fc32                            @fedora
perl-XML-SAX-Base.noarch                             1.09-10.fc32                           @fedora
perl-XML-Simple.noarch                               2.25-7.fc32                            @fedora
perl-XML-Twig.noarch                                 3.52-12.fc32                           @fedora
perl-XML-XPath.noarch                                1.44-5.fc32                            @fedora
perl-common-sense.x86_64                             3.7.4-14.fc32                          @fedora
perl-constant.noarch                                 1.33-441.fc32                          @anaconda
perl-encoding.x86_64                                 4:3.00-445.fc32                        @updates
perl-interpreter.x86_64                              4:5.30.3-455.fc32                      @updates
perl-libnet.noarch                                   3.11-441.fc32                          @anaconda
perl-libs.x86_64                                     4:5.30.3-455.fc32                      @updates
perl-libwww-perl.noarch                              6.46-1.fc32                            @updates
perl-macros.noarch                                   4:5.30.3-455.fc32                      @updates
perl-open.noarch                                     1.11-455.fc32                          @updates
perl-parent.noarch                                   1:0.238-1.fc32                         @anaconda
perl-podlators.noarch                                1:4.14-2.fc32                          @anaconda
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                              1-34.fc32                              @fedora
perl-threads.x86_64                                  1:2.22-442.fc32                        @anaconda
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                           1.60-441.fc32                          @anaconda
perl-version.x86_64                                  7:0.99.24-443.fc32                     @fedora
pgzero.noarch                                        1.2-8.fc32                             @fedora
phonon-qt4.x86_64                                    4.10.3-11.fc32                         @fedora
phonon-qt4-backend-gstreamer.x86_64                  4.9.1-10.fc32                          @fedora
phonon-qt4-devel.x86_64                              4.10.3-11.fc32                         @fedora
phonon-qt5.x86_64                                    4.11.1-3.fc32                          @anaconda
phonon-qt5-backend-gstreamer.x86_64                  2:4.10.0-1.fc32                        @anaconda
pigz.x86_64                                          2.4-6.fc32                             @anaconda
pim-data-exporter.x86_64                             19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
pim-data-exporter-libs.x86_64                        19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
pim-sieve-editor.x86_64                              19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
pinentry.x86_64                                      1.1.0-7.fc32                           @anaconda
pinentry-gtk.x86_64                                  1.1.0-7.fc32                           @fedora
pinentry-qt.x86_64                                   1.1.0-7.fc32                           @anaconda
pinfo.x86_64                                         0.6.10-25.fc32                         @anaconda
pipenv.noarch                                        2018.11.26-13.fc32                     @fedora
pipewire.x86_64                                      0.3.7-2.fc32                           @updates
pipewire-libs.x86_64                                 0.3.7-2.fc32                           @updates
pipewire0.2-libs.x86_64                              0.2.7-2.fc32                           @anaconda
pitivi.x86_64                                        0.999-9.fc32                           @fedora
pixman.x86_64                                        0.40.0-1.fc32                          @updates
pixman-devel.x86_64                                  0.40.0-1.fc32                          @updates
pkcs11-helper.x86_64                                 1.22-10.fc32                           @updates
pkgconf.x86_64                                       1.6.3-3.fc32                           @anaconda
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                    1.6.3-3.fc32                           @anaconda
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                            1.6.3-3.fc32                           @anaconda
plank-libs.x86_64                                    0.11.89-3.fc32                         @fedora
plasma-breeze.x86_64                                 5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
plasma-breeze-common.noarch                          5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
plasma-browser-integration.x86_64                    5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
plasma-desktop.x86_64                                5.18.5-2.fc32                          @updates
plasma-desktop-doc.noarch                            5.18.5-2.fc32                          @updates
plasma-discover.x86_64                               5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
plasma-discover-flatpak.x86_64                       5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
plasma-discover-libs.x86_64                          5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
plasma-drkonqi.x86_64                                5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
plasma-integration.x86_64                            5.18.5-2.fc32                          @updates
plasma-lookandfeel-fedora.noarch                     5.18.5-2.fc32                          @updates
plasma-milou.x86_64                                  5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
plasma-nm.x86_64                                     5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
plasma-nm-l2tp.x86_64                                5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
plasma-nm-openconnect.x86_64                         5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
plasma-nm-openswan.x86_64                            5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
plasma-nm-openvpn.x86_64                             5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
plasma-nm-pptp.x86_64                                5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
plasma-nm-vpnc.x86_64                                5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
plasma-pa.x86_64                                     5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
plasma-pk-updates.x86_64                             0.3.2-5.fc32                           @fedora
plasma-systemsettings.x86_64                         5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
plasma-user-manager.x86_64                           5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
plasma-workspace.x86_64                              5.18.5-2.fc32                          @updates
plasma-workspace-common.x86_64                       5.18.5-2.fc32                          @updates
plasma-workspace-geolocation.x86_64                  5.18.5-2.fc32                          @updates
plasma-workspace-geolocation-libs.x86_64             5.18.5-2.fc32                          @updates
plasma-workspace-libs.x86_64                         5.18.5-2.fc32                          @updates
plasma-workspace-wayland.x86_64                      5.18.5-2.fc32                          @updates
playonlinux-yum.noarch                               4-1                                    @@commandline
plotutils.x86_64                                     2.6-24.fc32                            @fedora
plymouth.x86_64                                      0.9.4-14.20200325gite31c81f.fc32       @fedora
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                            0.9.4-14.20200325gite31c81f.fc32       @fedora
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                        0.9.4-14.20200325gite31c81f.fc32       @fedora
plymouth-plugin-script.x86_64                        0.9.4-14.20200325gite31c81f.fc32       @fedora
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                              0.9.4-14.20200325gite31c81f.fc32       @fedora
plymouth-theme-breeze.x86_64                         5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
podman.x86_64                                        2:2.0.3-1.fc32                         @updates
podman-plugins.x86_64                                2:2.0.3-1.fc32                         @updates
podofo-libs.x86_64                                   0.9.6-12.fc32                          @updates
policycoreutils.x86_64                               3.0-2.fc32                             @anaconda
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                  3.0-2.fc32                             @anaconda
polkit.x86_64                                        0.116-7.fc32                           @anaconda
polkit-gnome.x86_64                                  0.106-0.6.20170423gita0763a2.fc32      @fedora
polkit-kde.x86_64                                    5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
polkit-libs.x86_64                                   0.116-7.fc32                           @anaconda
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                            0.1-16.fc32                            @anaconda
polkit-qt.x86_64                                     0.112.0-18.fc32                        @fedora
polkit-qt5-1.x86_64                                  0.113.0-2.fc32                         @anaconda
poly2tri.x86_64                                      0.0-20.20130501hg26242d0aa7b8.fc32     @fedora
poppler.x86_64                                       0.84.0-2.fc32                          @anaconda
poppler-cpp.x86_64                                   0.84.0-2.fc32                          @anaconda
poppler-data.noarch                                  0.4.9-5.fc32                           @anaconda
poppler-glib.x86_64                                  0.84.0-2.fc32                          @fedora
poppler-qt5.x86_64                                   0.84.0-2.fc32                          @anaconda
poppler-utils.x86_64                                 0.84.0-2.fc32                          @anaconda
popt.x86_64                                          1.16-19.fc32                           @anaconda
portaudio.x86_64                                     19-31.fc32                             @fedora
portmidi.x86_64                                      217-32.fc32                            @fedora
potrace.x86_64                                       1.16-2.fc32                            @fedora
powerdevil.x86_64                                    5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
ppp.x86_64                                           2.4.7-35.fc32                          @anaconda
pptp.x86_64                                          1.10.0-9.fc32                          @anaconda
procps-ng.x86_64                                     3.3.15-7.fc32                          @anaconda
proj.x86_64                                          6.3.2-3.fc32                           @updates
proj-datumgrid.noarch                                1.8-6.3.2.3.fc32                       @updates
protobuf.x86_64                                      3.11.2-2.fc32                          @fedora
protobuf-c.x86_64                                    1.3.2-2.fc32                           @anaconda
psacct.x86_64                                        6.6.4-7.fc32                           @anaconda
psmisc.x86_64                                        23.3-3.fc32                            @anaconda
pstoedit.x86_64                                      3.73-6.fc32                            @fedora
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                       20190417-3.fc32                        @anaconda
pugixml.x86_64                                       1.10-2.fc32                            @fedora
pulseaudio.x86_64                                    13.99.1-4.fc32                         @updates
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                               13.99.1-4.fc32                         @updates
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                         13.99.1-4.fc32                         @updates
pulseaudio-module-bluetooth.x86_64                   13.99.1-4.fc32                         @updates
pulseaudio-module-gconf.x86_64                       13.99.1-4.fc32                         @updates
pulseaudio-module-jack.x86_64                        13.99.1-4.fc32                         @updates
pulseaudio-module-x11.x86_64                         13.99.1-4.fc32                         @updates
pulseaudio-qt.x86_64                                 1.2-1.fc32                             @updates
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                              13.99.1-4.fc32                         @updates
pv.x86_64                                            1.6.6-8.fc32                           @fedora
pygobject2.x86_64                                    2.28.7-7.fc32                          @fedora
pygtk2.x86_64                                        2.24.0-29.fc32                         @fedora
pypy.x86_64                                          7.3.1-1.fc32                           @updates
pypy-devel.x86_64                                    7.3.1-1.fc32                           @updates
pypy-libs.x86_64                                     7.3.1-1.fc32                           @updates
pypy3.x86_64                                         7.3.1-1.fc32                           @updates
pypy3-devel.x86_64                                   7.3.1-1.fc32                           @updates
pypy3-libs.x86_64                                    7.3.1-1.fc32                           @updates
python-jupyter-filesystem.noarch                     4.6.1-2.fc32                           @fedora
python-pip-wheel.noarch                              19.3.1-3.fc32                          @updates
python-qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                         5.14.2-3.fc32                          @updates
python-rpm-macros.noarch                             3-58.fc32                              @updates
python-setuptools-wheel.noarch                       41.6.0-2.fc32                          @anaconda
python-srpm-macros.noarch                            3-58.fc32                              @updates
python-systemd-doc.x86_64                            234-12.fc32                            @anaconda
python-typeshed.noarch                               0.1-0.20191009git.fc32                 @fedora
python-unversioned-command.noarch                    3.8.3-2.fc32                           @updates
python-wheel-wheel.noarch                            1:0.33.6-3.fc32                        @fedora
python-wxpython4-doc.noarch                          4.0.7-5.fc32                           @fedora
python2-cairo.x86_64                                 1.18.2-4.fc32                          @fedora
python2-rpm-macros.noarch                            3-58.fc32                              @updates
python27.x86_64                                      2.7.18-2.fc32                          @updates
python3.x86_64                                       3.8.3-2.fc32                           @updates
python3-Bottleneck.x86_64                            1.2.1-14.fc32                          @fedora
python3-Cython.x86_64                                0.29.14-2.fc32                         @fedora
python3-abrt.x86_64                                  2.14.2-2.fc32                          @updates
python3-abrt-addon.noarch                            2.14.2-2.fc32                          @updates
python3-alsa.x86_64                                  1.1.6-10.fc32                          @fedora
python3-ansible-runner.noarch                        1.4.4-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-appdirs.noarch                               1.4.3-13.fc32                          @fedora
python3-argcomplete.noarch                           1.10.0-4.fc32                          @anaconda
python3-astroid.noarch                               2.3.3-7.gitace7b29.fc32                @fedora
python3-asttokens.noarch                             2.0.3-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-attrs.noarch                                 19.3.0-2.fc32                          @fedora
python3-audit.x86_64                                 3.0-0.19.20191104git1c2f876.fc32       @anaconda
python3-augeas.noarch                                0.5.0-19.fc32                          @anaconda
python3-babel.noarch                                 2.8.0-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-backcall.noarch                              0.1.0-9.fc32                           @fedora
python3-bcrypt.x86_64                                3.1.7-4.fc32                           @fedora
python3-beaker.noarch                                1.10.0-7.fc32                          @fedora
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                        4.9.1-1.fc32                           @updates
python3-bleach.noarch                                3.1.4-2.fc32                           @updates
python3-blindspin.noarch                             2.0.1-9.fc32                           @fedora
python3-blivet.noarch                                1:3.2.2-1.fc32                         @updates
python3-blockdev.x86_64                              2.24-1.fc32                            @updates
python3-blosc.x86_64                                 1.8.1-5.fc32                           @fedora
python3-boto.noarch                                  2.49.0-5.fc32                          @fedora
python3-boto3.noarch                                 1.11.17-1.fc32                         @fedora
python3-botocore.noarch                              1.14.17-2.fc32                         @fedora
python3-brlapi.x86_64                                0.7.0-14.fc32                          @updates
python3-bytesize.x86_64                              2.3-1.fc32                             @updates
python3-cached_property.noarch                       1.5.1-7.fc32                           @fedora
python3-cairo.x86_64                                 1.18.2-4.fc32                          @anaconda
python3-cairocffi.noarch                             1.1.0-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-canberra.noarch                              0-0.23.git88c53cd.fc32                 @fedora
python3-cangjie.x86_64                               1.2-21.fc32                            @fedora
python3-cerberus.noarch                              1.3.1-4.fc32                           @fedora
python3-certifi.noarch                               2018.10.15-9.fc32                      @fedora
python3-cffi.x86_64                                  1.14.0-1.fc32                          @fedora
python3-chardet.noarch                               3.0.4-15.fc32                          @anaconda
python3-cheroot.noarch                               8.2.1-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-cherrypy.noarch                              18.4.0-4.fc32                          @updates
python3-clang.x86_64                                 10.0.0-2.fc32                          @updates
python3-click.noarch                                 7.1.1-1.fc32                           @updates
python3-cloudpickle.noarch                           1.3.0-1.fc32                           @fedora
python3-colorama.noarch                              0.4.1-5.fc32                           @fedora
python3-configobj.noarch                             5.0.6-20.fc32                          @fedora
python3-crayons.noarch                               0.2.0-5.fc32                           @fedora
python3-crypto.x86_64                                2.6.1-30.fc32                          @fedora
python3-cryptography.x86_64                          2.8-3.fc32                             @fedora
python3-cups.x86_64                                  2.0.1-1.fc32                           @updates
python3-cycler.noarch                                0.10.0-14.fc32                         @fedora
python3-daemon.noarch                                2.2.3-8.fc32                           @fedora
python3-dasbus.noarch                                0.2-2.fc32                             @anaconda
python3-dask.noarch                                  2.21.0-1.fc32~bootstrap                @updates
python3-dask+array.noarch                            2.21.0-1.fc32~bootstrap                @updates
python3-dask+bag.noarch                              2.21.0-1.fc32~bootstrap                @updates
python3-dask+dataframe.noarch                        2.21.0-1.fc32~bootstrap                @updates
python3-dask+delayed.noarch                          2.21.0-1.fc32~bootstrap                @updates
python3-dateutil.noarch                              1:2.8.0-8.fc32                         @anaconda
python3-dbus.x86_64                                  1.2.16-1.fc32                          @anaconda
python3-decorator.noarch                             4.4.0-6.fc32                           @anaconda
python3-defusedxml.noarch                            0.6.0-5.fc32                           @fedora
python3-devel.x86_64                                 3.8.3-2.fc32                           @updates
python3-distlib.noarch                               0.2.7-7.fc32                           @fedora
python3-distro.noarch                                1.4.0-5.fc32                           @anaconda
python3-dmidecode.x86_64                             3.12.2-19.fc32                         @fedora
python3-dnf.noarch                                   4.2.23-1.fc32                          @updates
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                      4.0.16-1.fc32                          @updates
python3-dnfdaemon.noarch                             0.3.20-1.fc32                          @anaconda
python3-dns.noarch                                   1.16.0-10.fc32                         @updates
python3-docopt.noarch                                0.6.2-16.fc32                          @fedora
python3-docs.noarch                                  3.8.2-1.fc32                           @fedora
python3-docutils.noarch                              0.15.2-4.fc32                          @fedora
python3-dotenv.noarch                                0.14.0-1.fc32                          @updates
python3-ecdsa.noarch                                 0.15-1.fc32                            @fedora
python3-enchant.noarch                               2.0.0-11.fc32                          @fedora
python3-entrypoints.noarch                           0.3-5.fc32                             @fedora
python3-ethtool.x86_64                               0.14-6.fc32                            @fedora
python3-fastcache.x86_64                             1.1.0-6.fc32                           @fedora
python3-filelock.noarch                              3.0.12-6.fc32                          @fedora
python3-firewall.noarch                              0.8.3-1.fc32                           @updates
python3-first.noarch                                 2.0.1-9.fc32                           @fedora
python3-flask.noarch                                 1:1.1.1-2.fc32                         @fedora
python3-fluidity-sm.noarch                           0.2.0-18.fc32                          @fedora
python3-fsspec.noarch                                0.7.4-1.fc32~bootstrap                 @updates
python3-future.noarch                                0.18.2-5.fc32                          @fedora
python3-gdal.x86_64                                  3.0.4-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-gevent.x86_64                                1.5-0.2.a3.fc32                        @fedora
python3-gmpy2.x86_64                                 2.1.0-0.15.b4.fc32                     @fedora
python3-gobject.x86_64                               3.36.1-1.fc32                          @updates
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                          3.36.1-1.fc32                          @updates
python3-gpg.x86_64                                   1.14.0-1.fc32                          @updates
python3-gpiozero.noarch                              1.4.1-6.fc32                           @fedora
python3-graphviz.noarch                              1:0.14.1-1.fc32                        @updates
python3-greenlet.x86_64                              0.4.16-1.fc32                          @updates
python3-gssapi.x86_64                                1.6.1-5.fc32                           @fedora
python3-gstreamer1.x86_64                            1.16.2-2.fc32                          @fedora
python3-guizero.noarch                               0.6.4-3.fc32                           @fedora
python3-hawkey.x86_64                                0.48.0-1.fc32                          @updates
python3-html5lib.noarch                              1:1.0.1-8.fc32                         @fedora
python3-httplib2.noarch                              0.18.1-3.fc32                          @updates
python3-humanize.noarch                              0.5.1-22.fc32                          @fedora
python3-idle.x86_64                                  3.8.3-2.fc32                           @updates
python3-idna.noarch                                  2.8-6.fc32                             @anaconda
python3-img2pdf.noarch                               0.3.4-2.fc32                           @updates
python3-iniparse.noarch                              0.4-40.fc32                            @fedora
python3-inotify.noarch                               0.9.6-20.fc32                          @anaconda
python3-invoke.noarch                                1.4.1-1.fc32                           @fedora
python3-ipaclient.noarch                             4.8.7-1.fc32                           @updates
python3-ipalib.noarch                                4.8.7-1.fc32                           @updates
python3-ipykernel.noarch                             5.1.4-1.fc32                           @fedora
python3-ipython.noarch                               7.12.0-1.fc32                          @fedora
python3-ipython_genutils.noarch                      0.1.0-21.fc32                          @fedora
python3-iso8601.noarch                               0.1.12-1.fc32                          @fedora
python3-isort.noarch                                 4.3.21-7.fc32                          @fedora
python3-itsdangerous.noarch                          0.24-20.fc32                           @fedora
python3-jaraco.noarch                                6.2-7.fc32                             @fedora
python3-jaraco-functools.noarch                      2.0-5.fc32                             @fedora
python3-jedi.noarch                                  0.15.1-2.fc32                          @fedora
python3-jinja2.noarch                                2.11.2-1.fc32                          @updates
python3-jmespath.noarch                              0.9.4-4.fc32                           @fedora
python3-joblib.noarch                                0.13.2-6.fc32                          @fedora
python3-jsonschema.noarch                            3.2.0-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-jupyter-client.noarch                        5.3.4-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-jupyter-core.noarch                          4.6.1-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-jwcrypto.noarch                              0.6.0-7.fc32                           @fedora
python3-kerberos.x86_64                              1.3.0-8.fc32                           @fedora
python3-kickstart.noarch                             3.24-1.fc32                            @anaconda
python3-kiwisolver.x86_64                            1.2.0-1.fc32                           @updates
python3-koji.noarch                                  1.21.1-1.fc32                          @updates
python3-langtable.noarch                             0.0.51-2.fc32                          @anaconda
python3-lazy-object-proxy.x86_64                     1.4.3-3.fc32                           @fedora
python3-ldap.x86_64                                  3.1.0-9.fc32                           @fedora
python3-lexicon.noarch                               1.0.0-10.fc32                          @fedora
python3-libcloud.noarch                              2.2.1-13.fc32                          @fedora
python3-libcomps.x86_64                              0.1.15-1.fc32                          @updates
python3-libdnf.x86_64                                0.48.0-1.fc32                          @updates
python3-libguestfs.x86_64                            1:1.42.0-6.fc32                        @updates
python3-libipa_hbac.x86_64                           2.3.0-1.fc32                           @updates
python3-librepo.x86_64                               1.12.0-1.fc32                          @updates
python3-libreport.x86_64                             2.13.1-4.fc32                          @updates
python3-libs.x86_64                                  3.8.3-2.fc32                           @updates
python3-libselinux.x86_64                            3.0-3.fc32                             @anaconda
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                           3.0-3.fc32                             @anaconda
python3-libvirt.x86_64                               6.1.0-1.fc32                           @fedora
python3-libxml2.x86_64                               2.9.10-3.fc32                          @anaconda
python3-locket.noarch                                0.2.0-14.fc32                          @fedora
python3-lockfile.noarch                              1:0.11.0-17.fc32                       @fedora
python3-louis.noarch                                 3.12.0-2.fc32                          @fedora
python3-lxml.x86_64                                  4.4.1-4.fc32                           @fedora
python3-ly.noarch                                    0.9.6-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-lz4.x86_64                                   3.0.2-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-m2crypto.x86_64                              0.35.2-7.fc32                          @updates
python3-mako.noarch                                  1.1.1-1.fc32                           @fedora
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                            1.1.1-5.fc32                           @fedora
python3-matplotlib.x86_64                            3.2.2-1.fc32                           @updates
python3-matplotlib-data.noarch                       3.2.2-1.fc32                           @updates
python3-matplotlib-data-fonts.noarch                 3.2.2-1.fc32                           @updates
python3-matplotlib-gtk3.x86_64                       3.2.2-1.fc32                           @updates
python3-matplotlib-qt5.x86_64                        3.2.2-1.fc32                           @updates
python3-matplotlib-tk.x86_64                         3.2.2-1.fc32                           @updates
python3-mccabe.noarch                                0.6.1-15.fc32                          @fedora
python3-meh.noarch                                   0.48-2.fc32                            @anaconda
python3-meh-gui.noarch                               0.48-2.fc32                            @anaconda
python3-microfs.noarch                               1.3.1-6.fc32                           @fedora
python3-mistune.x86_64                               0.8.3-11.fc32                          @fedora
python3-mock.noarch                                  3.0.5-8.fc32                           @fedora
python3-monotonic.noarch                             1.5-6.fc32                             @fedora
python3-more-itertools.noarch                        7.2.0-4.fc32                           @fedora
python3-mpmath.noarch                                1.1.0-7.fc32                           @fedora
python3-mypy.noarch                                  0.761-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-mypy_extensions.noarch                       0.4.3-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-nbconvert.noarch                             5.6.0-4.fc32                           @updates
python3-nbformat.noarch                              5.0.4-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-netaddr.noarch                               0.7.19-21.fc32                         @fedora
python3-netifaces.x86_64                             0.10.6-10.fc32                         @fedora
python3-networkx.noarch                              2.4-3.fc32                             @fedora
python3-newt.x86_64                                  0.52.21-6.fc32                         @anaconda
python3-nftables.x86_64                              1:0.9.3-3.fc32                         @updates
python3-notebook.noarch                              6.0.2-4.fc32                           @fedora
python3-ntlm-auth.noarch                             1.1.0-9.fc32                           @fedora
python3-ntplib.noarch                                0.3.3-18.fc32                          @anaconda
python3-nudatus.noarch                               0.0.3-5.fc32                           @fedora
python3-numexpr.x86_64                               2.7.1-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-numpy.x86_64                                 1:1.18.4-2.fc32                        @updates
python3-numpy-f2py.x86_64                            1:1.18.4-2.fc32                        @updates
python3-oauth2.noarch                                1.9.0-17.post1.fc32                    @fedora
python3-olefile.noarch                               0.46-9.fc32                            @fedora
python3-ordered-set.noarch                           3.1-5.fc32                             @anaconda
python3-packaging.noarch                             20.1-2.fc32                            @fedora
python3-pandas.x86_64                                0.25.3-2.fc32                          @fedora
python3-pandas-datareader.noarch                     0.8.0-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-pandocfilters.noarch                         1.4.1-11.fc32                          @fedora
python3-paramiko.noarch                              2.7.1-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-parse.noarch                                 1.11.1-6.fc32                          @fedora
python3-parso.noarch                                 0.5.2-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-partd.noarch                                 1.1.0-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-paste.noarch                                 3.2.4-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-patsy.noarch                                 0.5.1-9.fc32                           @fedora
python3-pexpect.noarch                               4.7.0-5.fc32                           @fedora
python3-pickleshare.noarch                           0.7.5-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-pid.noarch                                   2.2.3-6.fc32                           @anaconda
python3-pigpio.noarch                                1.40-6.post1.fc32                      @fedora
python3-pikepdf.x86_64                               1.17.2-1.fc32                          @updates
python3-pillow.x86_64                                7.0.0-4.fc32                           @updates
python3-pillow-tk.x86_64                             7.0.0-4.fc32                           @updates
python3-pip.noarch                                   19.3.1-3.fc32                          @updates
python3-pip-shims.noarch                             0.3.2-4.fc32                           @fedora
python3-pipdeptree.noarch                            0.13.2-5.fc32                          @fedora
python3-pipreqs.noarch                               0.4.9-5.fc32                           @fedora
python3-plette.noarch                                0.2.2-4.fc32                           @fedora
python3-pluggy.noarch                                0.13.1-1.fc32                          @updates
python3-ply.noarch                                   3.11-7.fc32                            @fedora
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                       3.0-2.fc32                             @anaconda
python3-poppler-qt5.x86_64                           0.75.0-3.fc32                          @fedora
python3-portend.noarch                               2.6-2.fc32                             @fedora
python3-portmidi.x86_64                              217-32.fc32                            @fedora
python3-productmd.noarch                             1.26-1.fc32                            @updates
python3-prometheus_client.noarch                     0.7.1-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-prompt-toolkit.noarch                        2.0.10-2.fc32                          @fedora
python3-psutil.x86_64                                5.6.7-1.fc32                           @fedora
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                            0.6.0-9.fc32                           @fedora
python3-pwquality.x86_64                             1.4.2-2.fc32                           @anaconda
python3-py.noarch                                    1.8.2-1.fc32                           @updates
python3-pyOpenSSL.noarch                             19.0.0-6.fc32                          @fedora
python3-pyasn1.noarch                                0.4.8-1.fc32                           @fedora
python3-pyasn1-modules.noarch                        0.4.8-1.fc32                           @fedora
python3-pyatspi.noarch                               2.36.0-1.fc32                          @fedora
python3-pycdlib.noarch                               1.9.0-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-pycodestyle.noarch                           2.5.0-7.fc32                           @fedora
python3-pycparser.noarch                             2.19-2.fc32                            @fedora
python3-pycryptodomex.x86_64                         3.9.8-1.fc32                           @updates
python3-pycurl.x86_64                                7.43.0.5-1.fc32                        @anaconda
python3-pydbus.noarch                                0.6.0-12.fc32                          @fedora
python3-pydot.noarch                                 1.4.1-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-pyflakes.noarch                              2.1.1-6.fc32                           @fedora
python3-pygame.x86_64                                1.9.6-7.fc32                           @fedora
python3-pyglet.noarch                                1.4.6-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-pygments.noarch                              2.4.2-7.fc32                           @fedora
python3-pygpu.x86_64                                 0.7.6-7.fc32                           @fedora
python3-pygraphviz.x86_64                            1.5-10.fc32                            @fedora
python3-pyliblo.x86_64                               0.10.0-16.fc32                         @fedora
python3-pylint.noarch                                2.4.4-3.fc32                           @fedora
python3-pynacl.x86_64                                1.3.0-6.fc32                           @fedora
python3-pyparsing.noarch                             2.4.7-1.fc32                           @fedora
python3-pyparted.x86_64                              1:3.11.4-1.fc32                        @anaconda
python3-pyqt5-sip.x86_64                             4.19.21-1.fc32                         @fedora
python3-pyqtchart.x86_64                             5.13.1-1.fc32                          @updates
python3-pyroute2.noarch                              0.5.6-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-pyrsistent.x86_64                            0.16.0-1.fc32                          @updates
python3-pysendfile.x86_64                            2.0.1-16.fc32                          @fedora
python3-pyserial.noarch                              3.4-7.fc32                             @fedora
python3-pysocks.noarch                               1.7.1-4.fc32                           @anaconda
python3-pythonfinder.noarch                          1.2.1-4.fc32                           @fedora
python3-pytz.noarch                                  2020.1-1.fc32                          @updates
python3-pyudev.noarch                                0.22.0-1.fc32                          @anaconda
python3-pyusb.noarch                                 1.0.2-6.fc32                           @fedora
python3-pywt.x86_64                                  1.0.3-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                 0.26-9.fc32                            @fedora
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                                5.3.1-1.fc32                           @anaconda
python3-qrcode-core.noarch                           6.1-5.fc32                             @fedora
python3-qscintilla-qt5.x86_64                        2.11.2-10.fc32                         @fedora
python3-qt5.x86_64                                   5.14.2-3.fc32                          @updates
python3-qt5-base.x86_64                              5.14.2-3.fc32                          @updates
python3-qt5-webengine.x86_64                         5.14.0-1.fc32                          @updates
python3-qt5-webkit.x86_64                            5.14.2-3.fc32                          @updates
python3-qtconsole.noarch                             4.6.0-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-requests.noarch                              2.22.0-8.fc32                          @anaconda
python3-requests-file.noarch                         1.4.3-14.fc32                          @anaconda
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                          0.3.1-18.fc32                          @anaconda
python3-requests-kerberos.noarch                     0.12.0-9.fc32                          @fedora
python3-requests_ntlm.noarch                         1.1.0-10.fc32                          @fedora
python3-rpm.x86_64                                   4.15.1-3.fc32.1                        @updates
python3-rpm-generators.noarch                        10-4.fc32                              @fedora
python3-rpm-macros.noarch                            3-58.fc32                              @updates
python3-rpmfluff.noarch                              0.5.7.1-5.fc32                         @fedora
python3-rsa.noarch                                   3.4.2-15.fc32                          @updates
python3-s3transfer.noarch                            0.3.3-1.fc32                           @fedora
python3-scikit-image.x86_64                          0.16.2-3.fc32                          @fedora
python3-scikit-learn.x86_64                          0.22.1-2.fc32                          @fedora
python3-scipy.x86_64                                 1.4.1-1.fc32                           @fedora
python3-scour.noarch                                 0.37-6.fc32                            @fedora
python3-semantic_version.noarch                      2.8.4-3.fc32                           @fedora
python3-semver.noarch                                2.8.1-6.fc32                           @fedora
python3-send2trash.noarch                            1.4.2-12.fc32                          @fedora
python3-setools.x86_64                               4.3.0-1.fc32                           @anaconda
python3-setuptools.noarch                            41.6.0-2.fc32                          @anaconda
python3-shellingham.noarch                           1.2.7-6.fc32                           @fedora
python3-simplegeneric.noarch                         0.8.1-18.fc32                          @fedora
python3-simpleline.noarch                            1.6-3.fc32                             @anaconda
python3-six.noarch                                   1.14.0-2.fc32                          @anaconda
python3-slip.noarch                                  0.6.4-19.fc32                          @anaconda
python3-slip-dbus.noarch                             0.6.4-19.fc32                          @anaconda
python3-soupsieve.noarch                             1.9.2-4.fc32                           @fedora
python3-speechd.x86_64                               0.9.1-6.fc32                           @fedora
python3-sss.x86_64                                   2.3.0-1.fc32                           @updates
python3-sss-murmur.x86_64                            2.3.0-1.fc32                           @updates
python3-sssdconfig.noarch                            2.3.0-1.fc32                           @updates
python3-statsmodels.x86_64                           0.11.0-2.fc32                          @fedora
python3-subscription-manager-rhsm.x86_64             1.25.9-5.fc32                          @fedora
python3-sympy.noarch                                 1.5.1-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-syspurpose.x86_64                            1.25.9-5.fc32                          @fedora
python3-systemd.x86_64                               234-12.fc32                            @anaconda
python3-tables.x86_64                                3.5.2-7.fc32                           @fedora
python3-tempita.noarch                               0.5.1-26.fc32                          @fedora
python3-tempora.noarch                               1.14.1-6.fc32                          @fedora
python3-terminado.noarch                             0.8.3-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-testpath.noarch                              0.3.1-11.fc32                          @fedora
python3-theano.noarch                                1.0.4-6.fc32                           @fedora
python3-tkinter.x86_64                               3.8.3-2.fc32                           @updates
python3-toml.noarch                                  0.10.0-7.fc32                          @fedora
python3-tomlkit.noarch                               0.5.11-1.fc32                          @fedora
python3-toolz.noarch                                 0.10.0-4.fc32                          @fedora
python3-tornado.x86_64                               6.0.3-1.fc32                           @fedora
python3-tox.noarch                                   3.15.2-1.fc32                          @updates
python3-traitlets.noarch                             4.3.3-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-trustme.noarch                               0.5.2-5.fc32                           @fedora
python3-typed_ast.x86_64                             1.4.1-2.fc32                           @fedora
python3-typing-extensions.noarch                     3.7.4.2-1.fc32                         @updates
python3-unbound.x86_64                               1.10.1-1.fc32                          @updates
python3-urllib3.noarch                               1.25.7-3.fc32                          @anaconda
python3-virtualenv.noarch                            16.7.10-1.fc32                         @fedora
python3-virtualenv-clone.noarch                      0.5.3-4.fc32                           @fedora
python3-vistir.noarch                                0.4.3-5.fc32                           @fedora
python3-wcwidth.noarch                               0.2.4-1.fc32                           @updates
python3-webencodings.noarch                          0.5.1-11.fc32                          @fedora
python3-werkzeug.noarch                              0.16.0-2.fc32                          @fedora
python3-wheel.noarch                                 1:0.33.6-3.fc32                        @fedora
python3-winrm.noarch                                 0.3.0-9.fc32                           @fedora
python3-wrapt.x86_64                                 1.11.2-5.fc32                          @fedora
python3-wx-siplib.x86_64                             4.19.21-1.fc32                         @fedora
python3-wxpython4.x86_64                             4.0.7-5.fc32                           @fedora
python3-wxpython4-media.x86_64                       4.0.7-5.fc32                           @fedora
python3-wxpython4-webview.x86_64                     4.0.7-5.fc32                           @fedora
python3-xcffib.noarch                                0.9.0-1.fc32                           @fedora
python3-xlrd.noarch                                  1.2.0-6.fc32                           @fedora
python3-xlwt.noarch                                  1.1.2-13.fc32                          @fedora
python3-xmltodict.noarch                             0.12.0-7.fc32                          @fedora
python3-yarg.noarch                                  0.1.9-10.fc32                          @fedora
python3-yaspin.noarch                                0.14.3-5.fc32                          @fedora
python3-yubico.noarch                                1.3.3-1.fc32                           @fedora
python3-yui.x86_64                                   1.1.2-21.fc32                          @anaconda
python3-zc-lockfile.noarch                           2.0-3.fc32                             @fedora
python3-zmq.x86_64                                   18.1.0-3.fc32                          @fedora
python3-zope-event.noarch                            4.2.0-17.fc32                          @fedora
python3-zope-interface.x86_64                        4.7.1-2.fc32                           @fedora
python35.x86_64                                      3.5.9-1.fc32                           @fedora
python36.x86_64                                      3.6.11-1.fc32                          @updates
python37.x86_64                                      3.7.8-1.fc32                           @updates
python39.x86_64                                      3.9.0~b4-1.fc32                        @updates
qascommon.x86_64                                     0.21.0-9.fc32                          @fedora
qasconfig.x86_64                                     0.21.0-9.fc32                          @fedora
qashctl.x86_64                                       0.21.0-9.fc32                          @fedora
qasmixer.x86_64                                      0.21.0-9.fc32                          @fedora
qastools.x86_64                                      0.21.0-9.fc32                          @fedora
qca.x86_64                                           2.2.1-3.fc32                           @fedora
qca-ossl.x86_64                                      2.2.1-3.fc32                           @fedora
qca-qt5.x86_64                                       2.2.1-3.fc32                           @anaconda
qca-qt5-ossl.x86_64                                  2.2.1-3.fc32                           @anaconda
qdirstat.x86_64                                      1.6.1-1.fc32                           @fedora
qemu.x86_64                                          2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-audio-alsa.x86_64                               2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-audio-oss.x86_64                                2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-audio-pa.x86_64                                 2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-audio-sdl.x86_64                                2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-block-curl.x86_64                               2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-block-dmg.x86_64                                2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-block-gluster.x86_64                            2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-block-iscsi.x86_64                              2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-block-nfs.x86_64                                2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-block-rbd.x86_64                                2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-block-ssh.x86_64                                2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-common.x86_64                                   2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                              2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @anaconda
qemu-img.x86_64                                      2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-kvm.x86_64                                      2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-kvm-core.x86_64                                 2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-aarch64.x86_64                           2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-aarch64-core.x86_64                      2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-alpha.x86_64                             2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-alpha-core.x86_64                        2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-arm.x86_64                               2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-arm-core.x86_64                          2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-cris.x86_64                              2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-cris-core.x86_64                         2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-lm32.x86_64                              2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-lm32-core.x86_64                         2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-m68k.x86_64                              2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-m68k-core.x86_64                         2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-microblaze.x86_64                        2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-microblaze-core.x86_64                   2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-mips.x86_64                              2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-mips-core.x86_64                         2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-moxie.x86_64                             2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-moxie-core.x86_64                        2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-nios2.x86_64                             2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-nios2-core.x86_64                        2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-or1k.x86_64                              2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-or1k-core.x86_64                         2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-ppc.x86_64                               2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-ppc-core.x86_64                          2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-riscv.x86_64                             2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-riscv-core.x86_64                        2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-s390x.x86_64                             2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-s390x-core.x86_64                        2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-sh4.x86_64                               2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-sh4-core.x86_64                          2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-sparc.x86_64                             2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-sparc-core.x86_64                        2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-tricore.x86_64                           2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-tricore-core.x86_64                      2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-unicore32.x86_64                         2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-unicore32-core.x86_64                    2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-x86.x86_64                               2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-x86-core.x86_64                          2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-xtensa.x86_64                            2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-system-xtensa-core.x86_64                       2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-ui-curses.x86_64                                2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-ui-gtk.x86_64                                   2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-ui-sdl.x86_64                                   2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-ui-spice-app.x86_64                             2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qemu-user.x86_64                                     2:4.2.0-7.fc32                         @fedora
qgpgme.x86_64                                        1.14.0-1.fc32                          @updates
qimageblitz.x86_64                                   0.0.6-19.fc32                          @fedora
qimgv.x86_64                                         0.8.9-1.fc32                           @fedora
qjackctl.x86_64                                      0.6.2-1.fc32                           @updates
qmidiarp.x86_64                                      0.6.5-8.fc32                           @fedora
qmltermwidget.x86_64                                 0.2.0-4.fc32                           @fedora
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                     10.0.1-1.fc32                          @updates
qqc2-desktop-style.x86_64                            5.70.0-1.fc32                          @updates
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                 4.0.2-5.fc32                           @anaconda
qscintilla-qt5.x86_64                                2.11.2-10.fc32                         @fedora
qsynth.x86_64                                        0.6.2-1.fc32                           @updates
qt.x86_64                                            1:4.8.7-52.fc32                        @anaconda
qt-at-spi.x86_64                                     0.3.1-19.fc32                          @fedora
qt-common.noarch                                     1:4.8.7-52.fc32                        @anaconda
qt-devel.x86_64                                      1:4.8.7-52.fc32                        @fedora
qt-mobility-common.x86_64                            1.2.2-0.37.20140317git169da60c.fc32    @fedora
qt-mobility-location.x86_64                          1.2.2-0.37.20140317git169da60c.fc32    @fedora
qt-mobility-sensors.x86_64                           1.2.2-0.37.20140317git169da60c.fc32    @fedora
qt-settings.noarch                                   32.0-3.fc32                            @anaconda
qt-x11.x86_64                                        1:4.8.7-52.fc32                        @anaconda
qt4-style-fusion.x86_64                              0-10.hg20151214.fc32                   @fedora
qt5.noarch                                           5.13.2-2.fc32                          @fedora
qt5-qdbusviewer.x86_64                               5.14.2-1.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qt3d.x86_64                                      5.14.2-1.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                    5.14.2-5.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                             5.14.2-5.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                5.14.2-5.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtbase-mysql.x86_64                              5.14.2-5.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtbase-postgresql.x86_64                         5.14.2-5.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtcharts.x86_64                                  5.14.2-1.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtconnectivity.x86_64                            5.14.2-1.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             5.14.2-1.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtdoc.noarch                                     5.14.2-1.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtgraphicaleffects.x86_64                        5.14.2-1.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtimageformats.x86_64                            5.14.2-1.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtlocation.x86_64                                5.14.2-2.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtmultimedia.x86_64                              5.14.2-1.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtnetworkauth.x86_64                             5.14.2-1.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtquickcontrols.x86_64                           5.14.2-1.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtquickcontrols2.x86_64                          5.14.2-1.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtscript.x86_64                                  5.14.2-1.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtsensors.x86_64                                 5.14.2-1.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtserialport.x86_64                              5.14.2-1.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtspeech.x86_64                                  5.14.2-1.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtspeech-speechd.x86_64                          5.14.2-1.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtstyleplugins.x86_64                            5.0.0-39.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                                     5.14.2-1.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qttools.x86_64                                   5.14.2-1.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qttools-common.noarch                            5.14.2-1.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qttools-libs-designer.x86_64                     5.14.2-1.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qttools-libs-help.x86_64                         5.14.2-1.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtvirtualkeyboard.x86_64                         5.14.2-1.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                                 5.14.2-3.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtwebchannel.x86_64                              5.14.2-1.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtwebengine.x86_64                               5.14.2-2.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtwebengine-freeworld.x86_64                     5.14.2-1.fc32                          @rpmfusion-free-updates
qt5-qtwebkit.x86_64                                  5.212.0-0.46.alpha4.fc32               @updates
qt5-qtwebsockets.x86_64                              5.14.2-1.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                               5.14.2-1.fc32                          @updates
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.x86_64                             5.14.2-1.fc32                          @updates
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                               5.14.2-3.fc32                          @updates
qt5-style-oxygen.x86_64                              5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
qtile.noarch                                         0.14.2-1.fc32                          @fedora
qtlockedfile-qt5.x86_64                              2.4-31.20150629git5a07df5.fc32         @fedora
qtractor.x86_64                                      0.9.10-2.fc32                          @fedora
qtsingleapplication-qt5.x86_64                       2.6.1-38.fc32                          @fedora
qtsoap.x86_64                                        2.7-22.fc32                            @fedora
qtwebkit.x86_64                                      2.3.4-29.fc32                          @fedora
quazip-qt5.x86_64                                    0.7.6-6.fc32                           @fedora
quota.x86_64                                         1:4.05-9.fc32                          @anaconda
quota-nls.noarch                                     1:4.05-9.fc32                          @anaconda
radium-compressor.x86_64                             0.5.1-18.fc32                          @fedora
radvd.x86_64                                         2.18-3.fc32                            @fedora
rakarrack.x86_64                                     0.6.2-0.19.20150814gita620840.fc32     @fedora
raptor2.x86_64                                       2.0.15-22.fc32                         @fedora
rasqal.x86_64                                        0.9.33-12.fc32                         @fedora
ratpoison.x86_64                                     1.4.9-14.fc32                          @fedora
raysession.noarch                                    0.8.3-1.fc32                           @fedora
rdma-core.x86_64                                     30.0-1.fc32                            @updates
re2.x86_64                                           1:20190801-4.fc32                      @anaconda
readline.x86_64                                      8.0-4.fc32                             @anaconda
realTimeConfigQuickScan.noarch                       0-1.20190803git4b482db.fc32            @fedora
realmd.x86_64                                        0.16.3-22.fc32                         @anaconda
recode.x86_64                                        3.7.6-2.fc32                           @fedora
redhat-display-fonts.noarch                          2.3.2-2.fc32                           @fedora
redhat-lsb-core.x86_64                               4.1-49.fc32                            @fedora
redhat-lsb-submod-security.x86_64                    4.1-49.fc32                            @fedora
redhat-menus.noarch                                  12.0.2-17.fc32                         @anaconda
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                             150-1.fc32                             @fedora
redhat-text-fonts.noarch                             2.3.2-2.fc32                           @fedora
redland.x86_64                                       1.0.17-19.fc32                         @fedora
reiserfs-utils.x86_64                                2:3.6.27-2.fc32                        @anaconda
reportd.x86_64                                       0.7.4-1.fc32                           @updates
rest.x86_64                                          0.8.1-7.fc32                           @anaconda
rhash.x86_64                                         1.3.8-3.fc32                           @fedora
ristretto.x86_64                                     0.10.0-3.fc32                          @fedora
rlwrap.x86_64                                        0.43-5.fc32                            @fedora
rng-tools.x86_64                                     6.9-3.fc32                             @anaconda
rootfiles.noarch                                     8.1-27.fc32                            @anaconda
rosegarden4.x86_64                                   19.12-1.fc32                           @fedora
rp-pppoe.x86_64                                      3.12-15.fc32                           @anaconda
rpcbind.x86_64                                       1.2.5-5.rc1.fc32.1                     @anaconda
rpm.x86_64                                           4.15.1-3.fc32.1                        @updates
rpm-build.x86_64                                     4.15.1-3.fc32.1                        @updates
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                4.15.1-3.fc32.1                        @updates
rpm-libs.x86_64                                      4.15.1-3.fc32.1                        @updates
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                            4.15.1-3.fc32.1                        @updates
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                    4.15.1-3.fc32.1                        @updates
rpm-sign-libs.x86_64                                 4.15.1-3.fc32.1                        @updates
rpmdevtools.noarch                                   8.10-10.fc32                           @fedora
rpmfusion-free-appstream-data.noarch                 32-3.fc32                              @rpmfusion-free
rpmfusion-free-release.noarch                        32-1                                   @@commandline
rpmfusion-nonfree-appstream-data.noarch              32-2.fc32                              @rpmfusion-nonfree
rpmfusion-nonfree-release.noarch                     32-1                                   @@commandline
rrdtool.x86_64                                       1.7.2-7.fc32                           @fedora
rsync.x86_64                                         3.2.2-1.fc32                           @updates
rsync-bpc.x86_64                                     3.1.2.0-4.fc32                         @fedora
rsyslog.x86_64                                       8.2002.0-1.fc32                        @anaconda
rtaudio.x86_64                                       5.0.0-6.fc32                           @fedora
rtirq.noarch                                         20130402-17.fc32                       @fedora
rtkit.x86_64                                         0.11-23.fc32                           @anaconda
rubberband.x86_64                                    1.8.2-4.fc32                           @fedora
ruby.x86_64                                          2.7.1-132.fc32                         @updates
ruby-default-gems.noarch                             2.7.1-132.fc32                         @updates
ruby-devel.x86_64                                    2.7.1-132.fc32                         @updates
ruby-doc.noarch                                      2.7.1-132.fc32                         @updates
ruby-libs.x86_64                                     2.7.1-132.fc32                         @updates
ruby-ncurses.x86_64                                  1.3.1-32.fc32                          @fedora
rubygem-bigdecimal.x86_64                            2.0.0-132.fc32                         @updates
rubygem-bundler.noarch                               2.1.4-132.fc32                         @updates
rubygem-io-console.x86_64                            0.5.6-132.fc32                         @updates
rubygem-irb.noarch                                   1.2.3-132.fc32                         @updates
rubygem-json.x86_64                                  2.3.0-201.fc32                         @fedora
rubygem-openssl.x86_64                               2.1.2-132.fc32                         @updates
rubygem-psych.x86_64                                 3.1.0-132.fc32                         @updates
rubygem-rdoc.noarch                                  6.2.1-132.fc32                         @updates
rubygems.noarch                                      3.1.2-132.fc32                         @updates
rubypick.noarch                                      1.1.1-12.fc32                          @fedora
runc.x86_64                                          2:1.0.0-144.dev.gite6555cc.fc32        @fedora
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                              14-1.fc32                              @updates
rxvt-unicode.x86_64                                  9.22-23.fc32                           @updates
rygel.x86_64                                         0.36.2-5.fc32                          @fedora
samba.x86_64                                         2:4.12.5-0.fc32                        @updates
samba-client.x86_64                                  2:4.12.5-0.fc32                        @updates
samba-client-libs.x86_64                             2:4.12.5-0.fc32                        @updates
samba-common.noarch                                  2:4.12.5-0.fc32                        @updates
samba-common-libs.x86_64                             2:4.12.5-0.fc32                        @updates
samba-common-tools.x86_64                            2:4.12.5-0.fc32                        @updates
samba-libs.x86_64                                    2:4.12.5-0.fc32                        @updates
samba-winbind.x86_64                                 2:4.12.5-0.fc32                        @updates
samba-winbind-modules.x86_64                         2:4.12.5-0.fc32                        @updates
samplv1.x86_64                                       0.9.14-1.fc32                          @updates
sane-backends.x86_64                                 1.0.30-1.fc32                          @updates
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64                 1.0.30-1.fc32                          @updates
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64                1.0.30-1.fc32                          @updates
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                            1.0.30-1.fc32                          @updates
satyr.x86_64                                         0.30-2.fc32                            @anaconda
sbc.x86_64                                           1.4-5.fc32                             @fedora
scala.noarch                                         2.10.6-17.fc32                         @fedora
scotch.x86_64                                        6.0.9-2.fc32                           @fedora
screen.x86_64                                        4.8.0-2.fc32                           @fedora
scribus.x86_64                                       1.5.6-0.5.fc32                         @fedora
scrub.x86_64                                         2.5.2-16.fc32                          @fedora
sddm.x86_64                                          0.18.1-4.fc32                          @anaconda
sddm-breeze.noarch                                   5.18.5-2.fc32                          @updates
sddm-kcm.x86_64                                      5.18.5-1.fc32                          @updates
seabios-bin.noarch                                   1.13.0-2.fc32                          @fedora
seavgabios-bin.noarch                                1.13.0-2.fc32                          @fedora
sed.x86_64                                           4.5-5.fc32                             @anaconda
selinux-policy.noarch                                3.14.5-42.fc32                         @updates
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                       3.14.5-42.fc32                         @updates
serd.x86_64                                          0.30.2-2.fc32                          @anaconda
setroubleshoot.x86_64                                3.3.23-1.fc32                          @updates
setroubleshoot-plugins.noarch                        3.3.12-1.fc32                          @updates
setroubleshoot-server.x86_64                         3.3.23-1.fc32                          @updates
setserial.x86_64                                     2.17-50.fc32                           @fedora
setup.noarch                                         2.13.6-2.fc32                          @anaconda
sgabios-bin.noarch                                   1:0.20180715git-4.fc32                 @fedora
sgml-common.noarch                                   0.6.3-54.fc32                          @anaconda
sgpio.x86_64                                         1.2.0.10-25.fc32                       @anaconda
sha3sum.noarch                                       1.04-7.fc32                            @fedora
shadow-utils.x86_64                                  2:4.8.1-2.fc32                         @anaconda
shapelib.x86_64                                      1.5.0-2.fc31                           @fedora
shared-mime-info.x86_64                              1.15-3.fc32                            @anaconda
sheepdog.x86_64                                      1.0.1-10.fc31                          @fedora
shim-ia32.x86_64                                     15-8                                   @anaconda
shim-x64.x86_64                                      15-8                                   @fedora
shotcut.x86_64                                       20.07.11-1.fc32                        @rpmfusion-free-updates
shotcut-langpack-en.noarch                           20.07.11-1.fc32                        @rpmfusion-free-updates
shotcut-langpack-fr.noarch                           20.07.11-1.fc32                        @rpmfusion-free-updates
shotwell.x86_64                                      0.31.2-1.fc32                          @updates
shutter.noarch                                       0.94.3-2.fc32                          @fedora
signon.x86_64                                        8.60-5.fc32                            @anaconda
signon-plugin-oauth2.x86_64                          0.22-12.fc32                           @anaconda
sil-abyssinica-fonts.noarch                          1.200-17.fc32                          @anaconda
sil-mingzat-fonts.noarch                             1.000-2.fc32                           @anaconda
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                               2.1.1-18.fc32                          @anaconda
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                              3.003-5.fc32                           @anaconda
simple-scan.x86_64                                   3.36.4-1.fc32                          @updates
skkdic.noarch                                        20200128-1.T1339.fc32                  @fedora
slang.x86_64                                         2.3.2-7.fc32                           @anaconda
slirp4netns.x86_64                                   1.1.4-1.fc32                           @updates
smartmontools.x86_64                                 1:7.1-8.fc32                           @anaconda
smc-meera-fonts.noarch                               7.0.3-1.fc32                           @anaconda
snappy.x86_64                                        1.1.8-2.fc32                           @anaconda
sni-qt.x86_64                                        0.2.7-0.4.20170217.fc32                @anaconda
socat.x86_64                                         1.7.3.4-2.fc32                         @anaconda
sombok.x86_64                                        2.4.0-11.fc32                          @fedora
sooperlooper.x86_64                                  1.7.3-14.fc32                          @fedora
sord.x86_64                                          0.16.4-4.fc32                          @updates
sos.noarch                                           3.9.1-1.fc32                           @anaconda
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                       0.8-13.fc32                            @anaconda
soundtouch.x86_64                                    2.1.1-4.fc32                           @anaconda
source-highlight.x86_64                              3.1.9-2.fc32                           @anaconda
sox.x86_64                                           14.4.2.0-28.fc32                       @fedora
soxr.x86_64                                          0.1.3-5.fc32                           @anaconda
sparkleshare.x86_64                                  3.28-2.fc32                            @fedora
spax.x86_64                                          1.6-2.fc32                             @fedora
spectacle.x86_64                                     19.12.2-1.fc32                         @anaconda
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                             0.9.1-6.fc32                           @anaconda
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                   0.9.1-6.fc32                           @anaconda
speex.x86_64                                         1.2.0-5.fc32                           @anaconda
speexdsp.x86_64                                      1.2.0-1.fc32                           @updates
spice-glib.x86_64                                    0.38-1.fc32                            @fedora
spice-gtk3.x86_64                                    0.38-1.fc32                            @fedora
spice-server.x86_64                                  0.14.3-1.fc32                          @fedora
spice-vdagent.x86_64                                 0.20.0-2.fc32                          @anaconda
sqlite.x86_64                                        3.32.3-1.fc32                          @updates
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                   3.32.3-1.fc32                          @updates
squashfs-tools.x86_64                                4.3-25.fc32                            @anaconda
sratom.x86_64                                        0.6.4-2.fc32                           @anaconda
srt-libs.x86_64                                      1.4.1-3.fc32                           @fedora
sscg.x86_64                                          2.6.2-1.fc32                           @updates
sshpass.x86_64                                       1.06-9.fc32                            @fedora
sssd.x86_64                                          2.3.0-1.fc32                           @updates
sssd-ad.x86_64                                       2.3.0-1.fc32                           @updates
sssd-client.x86_64                                   2.3.0-1.fc32                           @updates
sssd-common.x86_64                                   2.3.0-1.fc32                           @updates
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                               2.3.0-1.fc32                           @updates
sssd-dbus.x86_64                                     2.3.0-1.fc32                           @updates
sssd-ipa.x86_64                                      2.3.0-1.fc32                           @updates
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                      2.3.0-1.fc32                           @updates
sssd-krb5.x86_64                                     2.3.0-1.fc32                           @updates
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                              2.3.0-1.fc32                           @updates
sssd-ldap.x86_64                                     2.3.0-1.fc32                           @updates
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                                2.3.0-1.fc32                           @updates
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                    2.3.0-1.fc32                           @updates
sssd-tools.x86_64                                    2.3.0-1.fc32                           @updates
startup-notification.x86_64                          0.12-19.fc32                           @fedora
steinberg-bravura-fonts.noarch                       1.320-2.20191209.6aa3a10.fc32          @fedora
steinberg-bravura-fonts-common.noarch                1.320-2.20191209.6aa3a10.fc32          @fedora
steinberg-bravura-text-fonts.noarch                  1.320-2.20191209.6aa3a10.fc32          @fedora
stix-fonts.noarch                                    2.0.2-3.fc32                           @anaconda
stk.x86_64                                           4.5.0-14.fc32                          @fedora
stoken-libs.x86_64                                   0.91-9.fc32                            @anaconda
strace.x86_64                                        5.7.0.6.7ab6-1.fc32                    @updates
stratisd.x86_64                                      2.0.0-2.fc32                           @fedora
strongswan.x86_64                                    5.8.4-2.fc32                           @updates
subscription-manager.x86_64                          1.25.9-5.fc32                          @fedora
subscription-manager-rhsm-certificates.x86_64        1.25.9-5.fc32                          @fedora
subversion.x86_64                                    1.14.0-3.fc32                          @updates
subversion-libs.x86_64                               1.14.0-3.fc32                          @updates
sudo.x86_64                                          1.9.0-0.1.b4.fc32                      @anaconda
suil.x86_64                                          0.10.6-2.fc32                          @fedora
suitesparse.x86_64                                   5.4.0-3.fc32                           @fedora
supermin.x86_64                                      5.2.0-2.fc32                           @updates
sushi.x86_64                                         3.34.0-2.fc32                          @fedora
swami.x86_64                                         2.0.0-21.20110806svn386.fc32           @fedora
swami-libs.x86_64                                    2.0.0-21.20110806svn386.fc32           @fedora
switcheroo-control.x86_64                            2.2-1.fc32                             @updates
symlinks.x86_64                                      1.7-2.fc32                             @anaconda
synfig.x86_64                                        1.2.2-6.fc32                           @fedora
synfigstudio.x86_64                                  1.2.2-5.fc32                           @fedora
synthv1.x86_64                                       0.9.14-1.fc32                          @updates
syslinux.x86_64                                      6.04-0.13.fc32                         @anaconda
syslinux-extlinux.x86_64                             6.04-0.13.fc32                         @anaconda
syslinux-extlinux-nonlinux.noarch                    6.04-0.13.fc32                         @anaconda
syslinux-nonlinux.noarch                             6.04-0.13.fc32                         @anaconda
system-config-language.noarch                        3.5.0-4.fc32                           @anaconda
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                    1.5.12-4.fc32                          @anaconda
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                    1.5.12-4.fc32                          @anaconda
systemd.x86_64                                       245.6-2.fc32                           @updates
systemd-container.x86_64                             245.6-2.fc32                           @updates
systemd-libs.x86_64                                  245.6-2.fc32                           @updates
systemd-pam.x86_64                                   245.6-2.fc32                           @updates
systemd-rpm-macros.noarch                            245.6-2.fc32                           @updates
systemd-udev.x86_64                                  245.6-2.fc32                           @updates
systemtap.x86_64                                     4.3-1.fc32                             @updates
systemtap-client.x86_64                              4.3-1.fc32                             @updates
systemtap-devel.x86_64                               4.3-1.fc32                             @updates
systemtap-runtime.x86_64                             4.3-1.fc32                             @updates
taglib.x86_64                                        1.11.1-12.fc32                         @anaconda
tar.x86_64                                           2:1.32-5.fc32                          @updates
tbb.x86_64                                           2020.2-1.fc32                          @fedora
tcl.x86_64                                           1:8.6.10-2.fc32                        @updates
tcpdump.x86_64                                       14:4.9.3-3.fc32                        @updates
teamd.x86_64                                         1.30-2.fc32                            @anaconda
telnet.x86_64                                        1:0.17-79.fc32                         @anaconda
tepl.x86_64                                          4.4.0-1.fc32                           @fedora
terminator.noarch                                    1.92-3.fc32                            @updates
terminus-fonts.noarch                                4.48-7.fc32                            @updates
terminus-fonts-console.noarch                        4.48-7.fc32                            @updates
terminus-fonts-grub2.noarch                          4.48-7.fc32                            @updates
termy-qt.x86_64                                      1.1.4-5.fc31                           @fedora
termy-server.x86_64                                  1.1.4-5.fc32                           @fedora
tesseract.x86_64                                     4.1.1-2.fc32                           @fedora
tesseract-langpack-eng.noarch                        4.0.0-7.fc32                           @fedora
tesseract-tessdata-doc.noarch                        4.0.0-7.fc32                           @fedora
texlive-algorithms.noarch                            9:svn42428-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-amsfonts.noarch                              9:svn29208.3.04-19.fc32                @fedora
texlive-amsmath.noarch                               9:svn49390-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-attachfile.noarch                            9:svn42099-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-auto-pst-pdf.noarch                          9:svn23723.0.6-19.fc32                 @fedora
texlive-babel.noarch                                 9:svn51681-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-babelbib.noarch                              9:svn50354-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-base.x86_64                                  7:20190410-12.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-bera.noarch                                  9:svn20031.0-19.fc32                   @fedora
texlive-booktabs.noarch                              9:svn40846-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-breakurl.noarch                              9:svn29901.1.40-19.fc32                @fedora
texlive-caption.noarch                               9:svn47968-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-carlisle.noarch                              9:svn47876-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-chngcntr.noarch                              9:svn47577-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-cm.noarch                                    9:svn49028-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-colortbl.noarch                              9:svn49404-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-csquotes.noarch                              9:svn51091-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-currfile.noarch                              9:svn40725-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-dvipng.x86_64                                7:20190410-12.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-enumitem.noarch                              9:svn51423-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-environ.noarch                               9:svn33821.0.3-19.fc32                 @fedora
texlive-eso-pic.noarch                               9:svn47694-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-etex.noarch                                  9:svn37057.0-19.fc32                   @fedora
texlive-etex-pkg.noarch                              9:svn41784-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-etoolbox.noarch                              9:svn46602-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-fancyvrb.noarch                              9:svn49717-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-filecontents.noarch                          9:svn47890-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-filehook.noarch                              9:svn24280.0.5d-19.fc32                @fedora
texlive-float.noarch                                 9:svn15878.1.3d-19.fc32                @fedora
texlive-fontspec.noarch                              9:svn50387-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-footmisc.noarch                              9:svn23330.5.5b-19.fc32                @fedora
texlive-fp.noarch                                    9:svn49719-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-geometry.noarch                              9:svn47638-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-graphics.noarch                              9:svn51733-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-graphics-cfg.noarch                          9:svn40269-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-graphics-def.noarch                          9:svn46267-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-hyperref.noarch                              9:svn51742-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-hyphen-base.noarch                           9:svn51200-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-ifetex.noarch                                9:svn47231-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-ifluatex.noarch                              9:svn51770-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-ifplatform.noarch                            9:svn45533-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-iftex.noarch                                 9:svn29654.0.2-19.fc32                 @fedora
texlive-ifxetex.noarch                               9:svn19685.0.5-19.fc32                 @fedora
texlive-index.noarch                                 9:svn24099.4.1beta-19.fc32             @fedora
texlive-kastrup.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-19.fc32                   @fedora
texlive-knuth-lib.noarch                             9:svn35820.0-19.fc32                   @fedora
texlive-koma-script.noarch                           9:svn49929-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-kpathsea.x86_64                              7:20190410-12.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-l3backend.noarch                             9:svn52343-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-l3kernel.noarch                              9:svn51745-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-l3packages.noarch                            9:svn51546-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-latex.noarch                                 7:20190410-12.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-latex-fonts.noarch                           9:svn28888.0-19.fc32                   @fedora
texlive-latexconfig.noarch                           9:svn45777-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-lib.x86_64                                   7:20190410-12.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-listings.noarch                              9:svn50175-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-lm.noarch                                    9:svn48145-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-lua-alt-getopt.noarch                        9:svn29349.0.7.0-19.fc32               @fedora
texlive-lualatex-math.noarch                         9:svn49904-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-lualibs.noarch                               9:svn51642-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-luaotfload.noarch                            7:20190410-12.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-luatex.x86_64                                7:20190410-12.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-luatexbase.noarch                            9:svn38550-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-marginnote.noarch                            9:svn48383-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-marvosym.noarch                              9:svn29349.2.2a-19.fc32                @fedora
texlive-memoir.noarch                                9:svn49394-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-mparhack.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.4-19.fc32                 @fedora
texlive-ms.noarch                                    9:svn51784-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-multido.noarch                               9:svn18302.1.42-19.fc32                @fedora
texlive-oberdiek.noarch                              7:20190410-12.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-paralist.noarch                              9:svn43021-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-parallel.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-19.fc32                   @fedora
texlive-pdftex.x86_64                                7:20190410-12.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-pgf.noarch                                   9:svn51817-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-plain.noarch                                 9:svn43076-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-psnfss.noarch                                9:svn33946.9.2a-19.fc32                @fedora
texlive-pst-3d.noarch                                9:svn17257.1.10-19.fc32                @fedora
texlive-pst-coil.noarch                              9:svn37377.1.07-19.fc32                @fedora
texlive-pst-eps.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.0-19.fc32                 @fedora
texlive-pst-fill.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.01-19.fc32                @fedora
texlive-pst-grad.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.06-19.fc32                @fedora
texlive-pst-math.noarch                              9:svn49425-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-pst-node.noarch                              9:svn50215-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-pst-ovl.noarch                               9:svn45506-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-pst-pdf.noarch                               7:20190410-12.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-pst-plot.noarch                              9:svn51650-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-pst-text.noarch                              9:svn49542-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-pst-tools.noarch                             9:svn45978-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-pst-tree.noarch                              9:svn43272-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-pstricks.noarch                              9:svn51102-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-pstricks-add.noarch                          9:svn49680-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-qstest.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-19.fc32                   @fedora
texlive-sauerj.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-19.fc32                   @fedora
texlive-setspace.noarch                              9:svn24881.6.7a-19.fc32                @fedora
texlive-showexpl.noarch                              9:svn42677-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-soul.noarch                                  9:svn15878.2.4-19.fc32                 @fedora
texlive-subfig.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.3-19.fc32                 @fedora
texlive-tetex.noarch                                 7:20190410-12.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-tex-gyre.noarch                              9:svn48058-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-tex-ini-files.noarch                         9:svn40533-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-texconfig.noarch                             7:20190410-12.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-texlive.infra.noarch                         7:20190410-12.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-thumbpdf.noarch                              7:20190410-12.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-tipa.noarch                                  9:svn29349.1.3-19.fc32                 @fedora
texlive-tools.noarch                                 9:svn49619-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-trimspaces.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.1-19.fc32                 @fedora
texlive-ucharcat.noarch                              9:svn38907-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-underscore.noarch                            9:svn18261.0-19.fc32                   @fedora
texlive-unicode-data.noarch                          9:svn50303-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-unicode-math.noarch                          9:svn50245-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-url.noarch                                   9:svn32528.3.4-19.fc32                 @fedora
texlive-varwidth.noarch                              9:svn24104.0.92-19.fc32                @fedora
texlive-xcolor.noarch                                9:svn41044-19.fc32                     @fedora
texlive-xkeyval.noarch                               9:svn35741.2.7a-19.fc32                @fedora
texlive-xunicode.noarch                              9:svn30466.0.981-19.fc32               @fedora
texlive-zapfding.noarch                              9:svn31835.0-19.fc32                   @fedora
thai-scalable-fonts-common.noarch                    0.6.5-7.fc32                           @anaconda
thai-scalable-waree-fonts.noarch                     0.6.5-7.fc32                           @anaconda
thermald.x86_64                                      2.2-1.fc32                             @updates
thermald-monitor.x86_64                              2.2-1.fc32                             @updates
thonny.noarch                                        3.2.7-2.fc32                           @fedora
tigervnc.x86_64                                      1.10.1-5.fc32                          @updates
tigervnc-icons.noarch                                1.10.1-5.fc32                          @updates
tigervnc-license.noarch                              1.10.1-5.fc32                          @updates
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                       1.10.1-5.fc32                          @updates
tilix.x86_64                                         1.9.3-4.fc32                           @fedora
time.x86_64                                          1.9-8.fc32                             @anaconda
timidity++.x86_64                                    2.14.0-20.fc32                         @fedora
tinyxml.x86_64                                       2.6.2-20.fc32                          @fedora
tix.x86_64                                           1:8.4.3-27.fc31                        @fedora
tk.x86_64                                            1:8.6.10-3.fc32                        @anaconda
tmux.x86_64                                          3.0a-2.fc32                            @anaconda
totem.x86_64                                         1:3.34.1-4.fc32                        @fedora
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                               3.26.5-1.fc32                          @fedora
tpm2-tools.x86_64                                    4.1.3-1.fc32                           @updates
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                      2.4.1-1.fc32                           @updates
traceroute.x86_64                                    3:2.1.0-10.fc32                        @anaconda
tracker.x86_64                                       2.3.4-1.fc32                           @fedora
tracker-miners.x86_64                                2.3.3-1.fc32                           @fedora
tree.x86_64                                          1.8.0-4.fc32                           @anaconda
trousers.x86_64                                      0.3.13-15.fc32                         @updates
trousers-lib.x86_64                                  0.3.13-15.fc32                         @updates
tss2.x86_64                                          1331-4.fc32                            @anaconda
ttmkfdir.x86_64                                      3.0.9-58.fc32                          @fedora
tumbler.x86_64                                       0.2.8-3.fc32                           @fedora
tuxguitar.x86_64                                     1.5.3-2.fc32                           @fedora
twitter-twemoji-fonts.noarch                         12.1.6-1.fc32                          @updates
twolame-libs.x86_64                                  0.3.13-15.fc32                         @anaconda
typetype-molot-fonts.noarch                          1.000-11.fc32                          @fedora
tzdata.noarch                                        2020a-1.fc32                           @updates
tzdata-java.noarch                                   2020a-1.fc32                           @updates
uchardet.x86_64                                      0.0.6-10.fc32                          @fedora
udftools.x86_64                                      2.1-5.fc32                             @anaconda
udisks2.x86_64                                       2.8.4-4.fc32                           @anaconda
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                                 2.8.4-4.fc32                           @anaconda
udisks2-lvm2.x86_64                                  2.8.4-4.fc32                           @fedora
uflash.noarch                                        1.2.1-6.fc32                           @fedora
ufraw.x86_64                                         0.23-0.5.20190612.fc32                 @fedora
ufraw-common.x86_64                                  0.23-0.5.20190612.fc32                 @fedora
unar.x86_64                                          1.10.1-15.fc32                         @anaconda
unbound-libs.x86_64                                  1.10.1-1.fc32                          @updates
unicode-ucd.noarch                                   13.0.0-1.fc32                          @fedora
unique.x86_64                                        1.1.6-24.fc32                          @fedora
unixODBC.x86_64                                      2.3.7-6.fc32                           @fedora
unzip.x86_64                                         6.0-47.fc32                            @anaconda
upower.x86_64                                        0.99.11-3.fc32                         @anaconda
uriparser.x86_64                                     0.9.4-1.fc32                           @updates
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                      20170801-14.fc32                       @anaconda
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                         20170801-14.fc32                       @anaconda
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                     20170801-14.fc32                       @anaconda
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                              20170801-14.fc32                       @anaconda
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                       20170801-14.fc32                       @anaconda
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                       20170801-14.fc32                       @anaconda
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch               20170801-14.fc32                       @anaconda
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                 20170801-14.fc32                       @anaconda
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                  20170801-14.fc32                       @anaconda
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                         20170801-14.fc32                       @anaconda
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch          20170801-14.fc32                       @anaconda
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                         20170801-14.fc32                       @anaconda
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                                2.6.0-1.fc32                           @anaconda
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                           20191128-2.fc32                        @anaconda
usbmuxd.x86_64                                       1.1.0-18.fc32                          @fedora
usbredir.x86_64                                      0.8.0-4.fc32                           @fedora
usbutils.x86_64                                      012-4.fc32                             @anaconda
usermode.x86_64                                      1.112-6.fc32                           @anaconda
userspace-rcu.x86_64                                 0.11.1-3.fc32                          @anaconda
utf8proc.x86_64                                      2.4.0-3.fc32                           @fedora
util-linux.x86_64                                    2.35.2-1.fc32                          @updates
util-linux-user.x86_64                               2.35.2-1.fc32                          @updates
valgrind.x86_64                                      1:3.16.0-1.fc32                        @updates
vamp-plugin-sdk.x86_64                               2.9.0-1.fc32                           @fedora
vconfig.x86_64                                       1.9-28.fc32                            @anaconda
vid.stab.x86_64                                      1.1.0-13.20190213gitaeabc8d.fc32       @fedora
vigra.x86_64                                         1.11.1-19.fc32                         @fedora
vim-minimal.x86_64                                   2:8.2.1273-1.fc32                      @updates
vino.x86_64                                          3.22.0-17.fc32                         @fedora
virglrenderer.x86_64                                 0.8.2-1.20200212git7d204f39.fc32       @fedora
virt-what.x86_64                                     1.20-2.fc32                            @fedora
virtualbox-guest-additions.x86_64                    6.1.10-2.fc32                          @updates
vmpk.x86_64                                          0.7.2-2.fc32                           @fedora
vo-amrwbenc.x86_64                                   0.1.3-12.fc32                          @rpmfusion-free
volume_key-libs.x86_64                               0.3.12-7.fc32                          @anaconda
vorbis-tools.x86_64                                  1:1.4.0-33.fc32                        @fedora
vpnc.x86_64                                          0.5.3-37.svn550.fc32                   @anaconda
vpnc-script.noarch                                   20171004-7.git6f87b0f.fc32             @anaconda
vte-profile.x86_64                                   0.60.3-1.fc32                          @updates
vte291.x86_64                                        0.60.3-1.fc32                          @updates
vtk.x86_64                                           8.2.0-14.fc32                          @updates
vulkan-loader.x86_64                                 1.2.135.0-1.fc32                       @updates
wavpack.x86_64                                       5.3.0-1.fc32                           @updates
wayland-devel.x86_64                                 1.18.0-1.fc32                          @fedora
wayland-protocols-devel.noarch                       1.20-1.fc32                            @fedora
web-assets-filesystem.noarch                         5-11.fc32                              @anaconda
webkit2-sharp.x86_64                                 0-0.11.20170219gita59fd76.fc32         @fedora
webkit2gtk3.x86_64                                   2.28.3-1.fc32                          @updates
webkit2gtk3-jsc.x86_64                               2.28.3-1.fc32                          @updates
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                       0.3.1-4.fc32                           @anaconda
wget.x86_64                                          1.20.3-4.fc32                          @anaconda
which.x86_64                                         2.21-19.fc32                           @anaconda
whois-nls.noarch                                     5.5.6-1.fc32                           @anaconda
whysynth-dssi.x86_64                                 20120903-10.fc32                       @fedora
wireless-regdb.noarch                                2019.06.03-6.fc32                      @anaconda
wireless-tools.x86_64                                1:29-25.fc32                           @anaconda
wmctrl.x86_64                                        1.07-28.fc32                           @fedora
wodim.x86_64                                         1.1.11-44.fc32                         @anaconda
woff2.x86_64                                         1.0.2-8.fc32                           @anaconda
words.noarch                                         3.0-35.fc32                            @anaconda
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                1:2.9-3.fc32                           @anaconda
wpebackend-fdo.x86_64                                1.6.0-1.fc32                           @fedora
wvdial.x86_64                                        1.61-24.fc32                           @anaconda
wxBase3.x86_64                                       3.0.4-13.fc32                          @fedora
wxGTK3.x86_64                                        3.0.4-13.fc32                          @fedora
wxGTK3-gl.x86_64                                     3.0.4-13.fc32                          @fedora
wxGTK3-i18n.noarch                                   3.0.4-13.fc32                          @fedora
wxGTK3-media.x86_64                                  3.0.4-13.fc32                          @fedora
wxGTK3-webview.x86_64                                3.0.4-13.fc32                          @fedora
x264-libs.x86_64                                     0.159-10.20200409git296494a.fc32       @rpmfusion-free-updates
x265-libs.x86_64                                     3.3-2.fc32                             @rpmfusion-free
xapian-core-libs.x86_64                              1.4.14-1.fc32                          @anaconda
xcb-util.x86_64                                      0.4.0-14.fc32                          @anaconda
xcb-util-cursor.x86_64                               0.1.3-10.fc32                          @anaconda
xcb-util-image.x86_64                                0.4.0-14.fc32                          @anaconda
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                              0.4.0-12.fc32                          @anaconda
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                           0.3.9-15.fc32                          @anaconda
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                   0.4.1-17.fc32                          @anaconda
xcb-util-xrm.x86_64                                  1.3-5.fc32                             @fedora
xclip.x86_64                                         0.13-9.fc32                            @fedora
xdelta.x86_64                                        3.1.0-9.fc32                           @fedora
xdg-dbus-proxy.x86_64                                0.1.2-2.fc32                           @anaconda
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                            1.7.2-2.fc32                           @updates
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                        1.7.1-1.fc32                           @fedora
xdg-desktop-portal-kde.x86_64                        5.18.5-2.fc32                          @updates
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                                 0.17-5.fc32                            @anaconda
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                             0.10-17.fc32                           @fedora
xdg-utils.noarch                                     1.1.3-6.fc32                           @anaconda
xemacs-filesystem.noarch                             21.5.34-35.20190323hgc0ed7ef9a5a1.fc32 @fedora
xen-libs.x86_64                                      4.13.1-4.fc32                          @updates
xen-licenses.x86_64                                  4.13.1-4.fc32                          @updates
xerces-c.x86_64                                      3.2.3-1.fc32                           @updates
xfce-polkit.x86_64                                   0.3-4.fc32                             @fedora
xfce4-settings.x86_64                                4.14.3-1.fc32                          @updates
xfconf.x86_64                                        4.14.1-2.fc32                          @fedora
xfsprogs.x86_64                                      5.4.0-3.fc32                           @anaconda
xkeyboard-config.noarch                              2.29-1.fc32                            @anaconda
xl2tpd.x86_64                                        1.3.14-2.fc32                          @anaconda
xml-common.noarch                                    0.6.3-54.fc32                          @anaconda
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                      1.51.0-10.fc32                         @anaconda
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                               1.51.0-10.fc32                         @anaconda
xmlsec1.x86_64                                       1.2.29-1.fc32                          @anaconda
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                                   1.2.29-1.fc32                          @fedora
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                               1.2.29-1.fc32                          @anaconda
xmonad-basic.x86_64                                  0.15-5.fc32                            @fedora
xmonad-core.x86_64                                   0.15-5.fc32                            @fedora
xorg-x11-apps.x86_64                                 7.7-27.fc32                            @anaconda
xorg-x11-drv-ati.x86_64                              19.1.0-1.fc32                          @updates
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.x86_64                            2.10.6-6.fc32                          @anaconda
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.x86_64                            0.5.0-5.fc32                           @anaconda
xorg-x11-drv-intel.x86_64                            2.99.917-45.20200205.fc32              @anaconda
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                         0.29.0-2.fc32                          @anaconda
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.x86_64                          1:1.0.15-9.fc32                        @fedora
xorg-x11-drv-openchrome.x86_64                       0.6.0-10.fc32                          @anaconda
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.x86_64                              0.1.5-12.fc31                          @anaconda
xorg-x11-drv-vesa.x86_64                             2.4.0-8.fc32                           @anaconda
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.x86_64                           13.2.1-11.fc32                         @anaconda
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.x86_64                            0.39.0-2.fc32                          @anaconda
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.x86_64             0.39.0-2.fc32                          @anaconda
xorg-x11-font-utils.x86_64                           1:7.5-44.fc32                          @anaconda
xorg-x11-fonts-100dpi.noarch                         7.5-24.fc32                            @fedora
xorg-x11-fonts-75dpi.noarch                          7.5-24.fc32                            @fedora
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-100dpi.noarch               7.5-24.fc32                            @fedora
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-75dpi.noarch                7.5-24.fc32                            @fedora
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-14-100dpi.noarch              7.5-24.fc32                            @fedora
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-14-75dpi.noarch               7.5-24.fc32                            @fedora
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-15-100dpi.noarch              7.5-24.fc32                            @fedora
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-15-75dpi.noarch               7.5-24.fc32                            @fedora
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-2-100dpi.noarch               7.5-24.fc32                            @fedora
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-2-75dpi.noarch                7.5-24.fc32                            @fedora
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-9-100dpi.noarch               7.5-24.fc32                            @fedora
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-9-75dpi.noarch                7.5-24.fc32                            @fedora
xorg-x11-fonts-Type1.noarch                          7.5-24.fc32                            @fedora
xorg-x11-fonts-cyrillic.noarch                       7.5-24.fc32                            @fedora
xorg-x11-fonts-ethiopic.noarch                       7.5-24.fc32                            @fedora
xorg-x11-fonts-misc.noarch                           7.5-24.fc32                            @anaconda
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch                          2019.1-3.fc32                          @fedora
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                          1.20.8-1.fc32                          @anaconda
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                      1.20.8-1.fc32                          @fedora
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                        1.20.8-1.fc32                          @anaconda
xorg-x11-server-utils.x86_64                         7.7-35.fc32                            @updates
xorg-x11-utils.x86_64                                7.5-34.fc32                            @anaconda
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                                1:1.1-3.fc32                           @anaconda
xorg-x11-xbitmaps.noarch                             1.1.1-18.fc32                          @anaconda
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                                1.4.0-6.fc32                           @anaconda
xorg-x11-xinit-session.x86_64                        1.4.0-6.fc32                           @fedora
xorg-x11-xkb-utils.x86_64                            7.7-32.fc32                            @anaconda
xorriso.x86_64                                       1.5.2-2.fc32                           @fedora
xournalpp.x86_64                                     1.0.18-2.fc32                          @updates
xournalpp-plugins.noarch                             1.0.18-2.fc32                          @updates
xournalpp-ui.noarch                                  1.0.18-2.fc32                          @updates
xsane-common.x86_64                                  0.999-35.fc32                          @fedora
xsane-gimp.x86_64                                    0.999-35.fc32                          @fedora
xsel.x86_64                                          1.2.0-26.fc32                          @fedora
xsynth-dssi.x86_64                                   0.9.4-22.fc32                          @fedora
xterm.x86_64                                         351-2.fc32                             @fedora
xterm-resize.x86_64                                  351-2.fc32                             @fedora
xvidcore.x86_64                                      1.3.7-3.fc32                           @rpmfusion-free
xxhash-libs.x86_64                                   0.7.4-1.fc32                           @updates
xz.x86_64                                            5.2.5-1.fc32                           @anaconda
xz-devel.x86_64                                      5.2.5-1.fc32                           @fedora
xz-libs.x86_64                                       5.2.5-1.fc32                           @anaconda
xz-lzma-compat.x86_64                                5.2.5-1.fc32                           @fedora
yajl.x86_64                                          2.1.0-14.fc32                          @fedora
yaml-cpp.x86_64                                      0.6.3-2.fc32                           @fedora
yaru-gtk2-theme.noarch                               20.04.6-3.fc32                         @updates
yaru-gtk3-theme.noarch                               20.04.6-3.fc32                         @updates
yaru-sound-theme.noarch                              20.04.6-3.fc32                         @updates
yelp.x86_64                                          2:3.36.0-1.fc32                        @anaconda
yelp-libs.x86_64                                     2:3.36.0-1.fc32                        @anaconda
yelp-xsl.noarch                                      3.36.0-1.fc32                          @anaconda
yoshimi.x86_64                                       1.7.0.1-1.fc32                         @fedora
yum.noarch                                           4.2.23-1.fc32                          @updates
zbar.x86_64                                          0.23-4.fc32                            @fedora
zchunk-libs.x86_64                                   1.1.5-2.fc32                           @anaconda
zd1211-firmware.noarch                               1.5-6.fc32                             @anaconda
zeitgeist-libs.x86_64                                1.0.2-2.fc32                           @fedora
zenity.x86_64                                        3.32.0-3.fc32                          @anaconda
zerofree.x86_64                                      1.1.1-5.fc32                           @fedora
zeromq.x86_64                                        4.3.2-2.fc32                           @fedora
zfs-fuse.x86_64                                      0.7.2.2-14.fc32                        @fedora
zimg.x86_64                                          2.9.3-2.fc32                           @updates
zip.x86_64                                           3.0-26.fc32                            @anaconda
zisofs-tools.x86_64                                  1.0.8-23.fc32                          @fedora
zita-alsa-pcmi.x86_64                                0.3.2-2.fc32                           @fedora
zita-at1.x86_64                                      0.6.2-4.fc32                           @fedora
zita-convolver.x86_64                                4.0.3-4.fc32                           @fedora
zita-resampler.x86_64                                1.6.2-4.fc32                           @fedora
zita-rev1.x86_64                                     0.2.2-3.fc32                           @fedora
zlib.x86_64                                          1.2.11-21.fc32                         @anaconda
zlib-devel.x86_64                                    1.2.11-21.fc32                         @fedora
zram.noarch                                          0.4-1.fc32                             @anaconda
zsh.x86_64                                           5.8-1.fc32                             @fedora
zsh-autosuggestions.noarch                           0.6.4-1.fc32                           @fedora
zsh-syntax-highlighting.noarch                       0.7.1-1.fc32                           @fedora
zstd.x86_64                                          1.4.5-4.fc32                           @updates
zvbi.x86_64                                          0.2.35-10.fc32                         @fedora
zynaddsubfx.x86_64                                   3.0.5-4.fc32                           @fedora
zynaddsubfx-common.noarch                            3.0.5-4.fc32                           @fedora
zziplib.x86_64                                       0.13.69-7.fc32                         @fedora
